15) 25) text: 266 (Cont'd) An old couple is coming along the street. MRS. CASTEVET is wrapped in light blue, with snow-white dabs of gloves, purse, shoes and hat. Nurselike she supports her husband's forearm. He is dazzling, in an every-colour seersucker jacket, red slacks, a pink bow tie, and a grey fedora with a pink band, He is seventy= five or older; she is sixty-eight or nine. They come closer with expressions of young alertness, with friend- ly quizzical smiles, The 2nd Policeman steps forward to meet them and their smiles falter and fall away. Mrs. Castevet says something worryingly; MR. CASTEVET frowns and shakes his head, His wide thin-lipped mouth is rosy-pink, as if lipstickeds; his cheeks are chalky, his eyes small and bright in deep sockets, She is big- nosed, with a sullen fleshy underlip, She wears pink- rimmed eyeglasses on a neckchain that dips down from behind plain pearly earrings.
15) 27) dialog: We are. (Dry voice that has to be listened for)
15) 29) dialog: We do. What's wrong? Has there been an accident?
15) 34) dialog: I knew this would happen. She got deeply depressed every three weeks or so. I told my wife but she pooh= poohed me,
15) 36) dialog: She wasn't cleaning windows at midnight.
15) 39) dialog: Definitely. Absolutely. The 2nd Policeman holds out his hand and Mrs, Castevet gives him the paper.
15) 43) text: I don't believe it. I just don't pelieve it. She was so happy. Mr. Castevet puts his hand on her shoulder, looks at the ground and shakes his head.
15) 61) dialog: It should be easy to find him. Guy puts his hand on Rosemary's back and they begin to withdraw towards the house.
20) 0) text: A.large foyer with a rectangular table set for four. It:-has an-embroidered white cloth, plates that dontt all match, and bright ranks of ornate silver, ‘The room is oddly furnished; at the fireplace end there is. a settee, a lamp table and a few chairs, At the opposite end an office-like clutter of file cabinets, bridge tables piled with newspapers, overfilled book- shelves and a typewriter on a metal stand. There are clean squares on the walls as if pictures had. been removed. . Mrs. Castevet shows them across the brown carpet and seats them on the settee; Mr. Castevet comes in, hold~ ing in both hands a small tray on which four cocktail glasses run over with clear pink liquid. Staring at the rims of the giasses he shuffles forward across the (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
20) 3) dialog: I seem to have overfilled the glasses. No, no, don’t get up. Please, Gen- erally I pour these out precisely as a bartender, don’t I, Minnie?
20) 5) dialog: But this evening I made a little too much and rather... I'm afraid... there we are, Please, sit down, Mrs, Woodhouse? Rosemary takes the glass, thanks him and sits, Mrs. Castevet quickly puts a paper cocktail napkin in her lap.
20) 6) dialog: Mr. Woodhouse? A Vodka Blush. Have you ever tasted one?
20) 8) dialog: Minnie. ROSEMARY © It looks delicious. Rosemary smiles vividly as she. wipes the. base of her glass.
20) 9) dialog: They're very popular in Australia. Mr. Castevet takes the final glass and raises it to Rosemary and Guy.
20) 10) dialog: To our guests, Welcome to our home. Mr. Castevet drinks, cocking his head critically, one eye partway closed, the tray at his side dripping on the carpet. (Continued) Po Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca ne
20) 21) dialog: I've been there, Live been all over Alaska; Fairbanks, Juneau, Anchorage, Nome, Seward; I spent four months there in 138.
21) 1) dialog: No Pope ever visits a city where the newspapers are on strike,
21) 4) dialog: (Still laughing) That's just what it is. The costumes, the rituals.
21) 13) dialog: You aren't religious, my dear, are you?
21) 17) dialog: You don't need to have respect for him because he pretends he is holy. Guy Good point.
21) 19) dialog: A good picture of the hypocrisy behind organized religion was given, I thought, in ‘Luther'. Did you ever get to play the. leading part, Guy?
21) 21) dialog: Weren't you Albert Finney’s understudy?
21) 35) dialog: My father was a theatrical producer, My early years were spent in the company of such people as Mrs. Fiske, Forbes-Robertson, Modjeska,. You have a most interesting inner @ quality, Guy. It appears in your television work toc, and it should 7-24-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca fp 43. mo 32, (Cont'd)
21) 37) dialog: I can't believe that you won’t get them.
21) 56) dialog: Take Kennedy for example. Do you think it could have been a plot of @ some kind? 7-2h-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 45. a 3h. (Cont'd) Mrs. Castevet comes past Rosemary into the room,
38) 3) dialog: Our best wishes to you, Rosemary. We're move pleased than we can say. We have no champagne on hand, but this will do just as nicely. He shows the bottle of St. Julien. Guy goes into the kitchen.
38) 11) dialog: Abe Sapirstein? One of the finest obstetricians in the country. Guy Wasn't he on ‘Open End’ a couple of years ago?
38) 13) dialog: That's right.
38) 21) dialog: He's a brilliant man, Very sensitive. He gives glasses to Rosemary and Guy.
38) 25) dialog: You see?
38) 32) dialog: Shets right, there'll be plenty of time. (Raising his glass) To a fine healthy baby.
42) 33) dialog: Favorably I: hope. Do you need anything from outside?
42) 35) dialog: Is Guy home already? ROSEMARY . No, he won't be home till six. Mr. Castevet stays, waiting with a questioning smile.
42) 38) dialog: If I won't be intruding. She shows Mr, Castevet in. He passes close to her and she notices that his ear is pierced. She follows him to the living room archway. Hutch rises and smiles.
42) 40) dialog: So Rosemary has told you the good news, has she?
42) 44) dialog: We're very fond of her, and of Guy, too. He pushes against the arms of his chair and raises himself to his feet.
42) 45) dialog: If you'll excuse me, I have to go now. My wife is waiting for me.
46) 10) text: (Holding up a bottle of champagne) One mimite to gol Guy looks at his watch, stands up and goes toward Mr. Castevet. Mr. Castevet opens the champagne. He is an attentive and energetic host. Mrs. Castevet and Guy help with glasses. The champagne is passed around.
46) 11) dialog: (Raising his glass) To 1966, The Year One!
56) 37) dialog: (Smiling) Perhaps. But I may stay on in Dubrovnik, or Pescara or maybe Mallorca, We shall see, we shall see...
56) 40) dialog: Kennedy Airport. TWA building. As the taxi pulls away there are more ‘Goodbyes! through the open window, Rosemary and Guy stand waving at the taxl speeding away with hands unglcved and white-gloved waving from either side of it,
63) 0) text: There is a car waiting with Mr. Gilmore at the wheel. Rosemary sits in-the back between Guy and Dr. Sapirstein. The suitcase is put on the front seat. Nobody says anything; they drive in silence.
70) 13) dialog: Rosemary.
70) 15) dialog: Before you look at ~ . ROSEMARY . Shut up. You're in Dubrovnik, I don't hear you. : vo Rosemary watched them until she is by. the bassinet, which is angled in their direction, With her free hand, she catches the black-covered handle and swings the bassinet slowly, gently, around to face her, . Taffeta rustles, the black wheels squeal, She looks in, Smiling gently, she slowly reaches her left arm to take the baby. The smile fades on her face and changes into an expression of horror, She backs slowly away and freezes with her eyes wide open.
70) 20) text: He has His Father's eyes. Rosemary looks at him, looks at Guy - whose eyes: are hidden behind a hand - looks at Mr. Castevet again.
70) 22) dialog: Satan is His Father, not Guy. He came up from Hell and begat a Son i of mortal woman:
70) 24) dialog: an Satan is His Father and His Name VU Ts"Adrian! He shall overthrow the : mighty and lay waste their temples! He shall redeem the despised and wreak vengeance in the name of the burned and the tortured! Hail Adrian!
70) 26) dialog: Hail Satan! Hail Satan. “VOICES Hail Satan! Rosemary shakes her head.
70) 30) text: 7 131. (Cont'd) Ne MR. CASTEVET His power is stronger than stronger.
70) 35) dialog: His might will last longer than longer.
70) 42) dialog: (Thundering) God is DEAD!
70) 44) dialog: God is dead. Satan lives! The year is One.
70) 49) dialog: Why don't you help us out, Rosemary, be a real mother to Adrian. You’ don't have. to join if you don't want to; just be a mother to your baby. (Bends down and whispers) Minnie and Laura-Louise are too old. It's not right. Rosemary looks at Mr. Castevet. He straightens up. The doorbell rings.
70) 50) dialog: Think about it, Rosemary. He goes to answer the door. , a : ROSEMARY Se Oh God.
70) 54) text: Laura-Louise mutters. Rosemary wipes her forehead and cheeks with .the hand- kerchief. The Japanese, sitting across the room on a hassock, catches Rosemary's eye, grins and ducks his head. He holds up an opened camera into which he is putting film. Rosemary looks down and starts crying. Mr. Castevet comes in, holding the arm of ARGYRON STAVROPOULOS. He is a robust, handsome, dark-skinned man, wearing a white suit, white shoes and carrying 7=2h-67 (Continued)
70) 62) dialog: Come, my friend. Come see Him. Come see the Child. They go to the bassinet. Laura-Louise waits with a proprietary smile. They close around it and look into it silently. Argyron Stavropoulos lowers himself to his knees. Guy comes back from the kitchen, over to Rosemary. He stands looking down at her,
70) 64) dialog: Guy, let me introduce you to Argyron Stavropoulos. -Argyron Stavropoulos clasps Guy's hand in both his own.
70) 79) dialog: Let Rosemary rock Him. Laura-Louise stares at him. He stands behind the bassinet's head. 7-2h-67 (Continued) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 167. 131. (Cont'd)
70) 81) dialog: Go on. Sit down with she others. Let Rosemary rock Him,
70) 84) dialog: Rock him, He smiles at Rosemary and moves the bassinet back and forth towards her, holding it.by its hood. Rosemary stands still and looks at him,