2) 6) dialog: Don't tell me!
3) 0) text: CLOSE-UP of MUMFORD wincing.
3) 1) dialog: (softer) -- That's all the time we have.  Sorry... (indicates his watch) ...next time.
3) 2) text: We see Mumford's office: the office of a Psychologist, a  therapist with a doctorate. It's modest, comfortable, nea with a calm, relaxed ambience. [The movie is now in COLOR His patient, HENRY FOLLETT, looks nothing like The Newcom in the soft-core fantasy he's been narrating. Instead, he a mild-looking pharmacist with glasses and a receding  hairline. Only the voice is the same; it's as studly as h fantasy alter-ego. Follett has been lying on a couch, but now has twisted with some irritation to look at Mumford.
3) 4) dialog: I don't want to hear any more today.
3) 6) dialog: Mr. Follett, do you trust me or don't  you?
3) 8) dialog: Without trust, there's no point to  any of this. You might as well not  come.
3) 10) dialog: Good, then go.
4) 0) text: Lunch crowd. Mumford can be seen out the big front window crossing from the two-story building that houses his offi on the main drag of this small town which, oddly enough, also called Mumford. He comes inside and goes to the coun to pick up some take-out. The Proprietor is a woman aroun forty named LILY, who talks to him as she works.
4) 2) dialog: My patient had to leave early.
4) 4) text: She comes over to the register with an order. Mumford is  am[...] her, likes her a lot.
4) 5) dialog: Does the phrase "nosy" have any  meaning to you, Lily?
4) 7) dialog: It was Henry Follett.
4) 9) dialog: What do you want to know?
4) 13) dialog: Fine, Vincent... how's yourself?
4) 15) dialog: Oh, I don't know...
4) 17) dialog: Lily, I don't think even you could  know that --
4) 20) text: Mumford turns to look out the window. A young man of abou 30, in jeans and a Hawaiian shirt, is skateboarding down street at high speed, weaving in and out amongst the cars He zips past the front of the restaurant.
4) 22) dialog: Oh, so that's him? The Panda Man.
4) 23) text: LILY hands over Mumford's bagged order, rings it up. Back track:
4) 25) dialog: (takes his bag to go) You like me. How come?
4) 27) text: Mumford is smiling as he goes out. Another Patron, LIONEL DILLARD, a lawyer, brings his check to Lily, watching Mum cross the street. Lily can't stand this guy.
5) 0) text: An overweight, teenage girl named NESSA WATKINS is on  Mumford's couch. She fidgets as she talks and can't decid whether to lie down (so she's looking away from him) or s up and face him. She plays with an unlit cigarette and ke taking out a lighter, then stuffing it back in her big, s handbag.
5) 2) dialog: What do you mean, "in no time"?
5) 4) dialog: Weekly or monthly?
5) 6) dialog: Why do you think you tell me, Nessa?
5) 8) dialog: It's a big part of the show.
5) 11) text: Mumford indicates "nothing".
5) 13) dialog: It's called pro bono.
5) 15) dialog: It's my bit for the community.
5) 17) dialog: Where was this?
5) 19) dialog: You been spying on me in the  supermarket, Nessa?
5) 21) text: Mumford laughs.
5) 23) dialog: That's not quite what I said --
5) 25) text: Mumford waits.
6) 0) text: The last rays of sun are fighting their way through the t as Mumford comes up the trail he clearly knows very well.
7) 0) text: Mumford climbs out on the Big Rock, settles himself on th edge and takes a long drink from a water bottle. WHAT HE SEES: far below at the foot of these hills, light just twinkling on, is the town of Mumford. He stares at i for several long moments. Then he takes a small headlamp  from his pack and fits the straps over his head (it looks like a miner's light). He twists the light on to test it turns his head to watch the beam move about. WE CUT BACK WIDE. After a beat, Mumford settles back and  turns off the light.
8) 0) text: The place is quietly busy with the regulars. Mumford has favorite spot at the far end of the bar. Right now he's  sitting alone, reading the remnants of a newspaper. SKIP SKIPPERTON, the man on the skateboard, comes in. Eve in the bar is surprised to see Skip in here. Several patr greet him as he makes his way deeper inside, looking arou He's uncomfortable. He seems relieved when he spots Mumfo and heads back there. Mumford doesn't notice Skip waiting for his attention.
8) 2) text: Mumford looks up, smiles. Skip offers his hand.
8) 4) dialog: How are you?
8) 6) text: Mumford waits, friendly. Skip runs out of gas, gets uneas glances around.
8) 9) text: LATER. IN A BOOTH near the back. They've been at it a whi but nothing is clear to Mumford, yet. Skip keeps his voic down; he doesn't want anyone else in the bar to hear him.
8) 11) dialog: No kidding... Panda. Where'd that  come from?
8) 17) text: Mumford waits, watches. Skip gets uncomfortable.
8) 19) dialog: Nah... scotch.
8) 21) text: Skip heads off to the bar. Mumford looks around. Everybod is watching.
8) 23) dialog: You want me... to be... your friend.
8) 24) text: Skip beams. Mumford leans forward in the same confidentia way Skip did before; he indicates that Skip should lean i too. Mumford is almost whispering --
8) 25) dialog: But that's not what's really going  on... (Skip is excited) ...What's really going on is... you  have some problems and you want some  therapy, but you feel it could be  very bad for Panda Modem stock if  word got out that you were having  head problems.
8) 27) dialog: Can I ask you a personal question?
8) 29) dialog: Have you thought about getting a  wife?
8) 32) text: Mumford considers that.
8) 34) dialog: Is that the question?
8) 36) text: Skip takes a few steps toward the men's room, then comes  back and leans down toward Mumford.
8) 38) dialog: I understand.
8) 40) dialog: Don't tell me, 'cause I'm not going  to tell you what I've got.
8) 42) dialog: I'm impressed. I couldn't make three  million dollars if I lived three  lifetimes.
8) 44) text: Skip stumbles off to take a leak. Mumford takes a moment digest that. It's difficult.
9) 0) text: Mumford is listening to Lionel, the arrogant lawyer who a about him in the restaurant. Lionel is lying on the couch talking with enormous energy; he has a serious superiorit complex. Mumford can't stand him and the session seems to lasting an eternity.
9) 2) text: Mumfords eyes dart to look at -- THE CLOCK on the bookshelf: 2:23
9) 3) dialog: Lionel, since this is our first  session together, maybe --
9) 4) text: Lionel is twisting his neck around painfully to look back Mumford.
9) 5) dialog: -- you can sit up and look at me if  you'd like -- (Lionel waves that  off and looks away) -- maybe it would be helpful if you  told me a little about what brought  you here.
9) 7) text: As Lionel goes on, Mumford's eyes again dart toward -- TH CLOCK: still 2:23! Hold on it. Finally, it moves. Mumford eyes dart toward his desk -- A deadly-looking letter opener in the shape of Excalibur  stands GLINTING LIGHT in a marble rendition of Arthur's s
9) 9) text: Mumford's head rocks slowly back for a moment as if he's  going to drift off. He snaps back to life and stares hard the top of Lionel's head, where there is a bald spot star to take hold. The sound of LIONEL'S VOICE begins to echo
9) 11) text: MUMFORD'S GLANCE FLASHPANS from Lionel's bald spot to the gleaming letter opener. Mumford closes his eyes. We CUT TO:
10) 3) dialog: -- Go on!
12) 0) text: ALTHEA BROCKETT, a woman in her forties, sits on the couc reading a mail order catalogue for home furnishings. Ther are several other catalogues sticking out of her jammed,  woven carry-all. The door to Mumford's inner office opens with some force. Mumford stands looking back across his office at Lionel, is getting up from the couch in some confusion.
12) 2) dialog: Sure I can, Lionel.
12) 4) dialog: See that sign -- We retain the right  to refuse service to anyone. I'm not  going to charge you for this session,  but I don't want to see you back  here.
12) 7) dialog: Come out this way. There's no shame  in getting a little therapy... is  there, Althea?
12) 8) text: Althea stands up, smiling. She thinks Mumford is the bee' knees.
12) 12) dialog: And it's the Hubble Telescope, not  the Himball Telescope.
12) 13) text: Lionel bangs out the front door. Mumford motions Althea i
12) 14) dialog: Jeez... what an asshole.
13) 0) text: Althea is sobbing. Mumford hands her a new Kleenex from t box next to the couch. She wads it with her current one a tries to stop crying. Mumford settles back in his chair,  patient.
13) 2) dialog: Me more than most.
13) 4) dialog: I'm not sure. But I think they're  worried about you.
13) 6) dialog: How did they threaten you?
13) 8) dialog: Good kids.
13) 11) dialog: Hmm?
13) 14) dialog: Really? You think so?
13) 16) text: Mumford considers, then nods his assent.
14) 0) text: Mumford hurries up the sidewalk carrying two grocery bags He's late. The modest houses are close together on this p street, which rises out of the main business district, se beyond Mumford.
15) 0) text: Mumford comes to the house where he lives. He heads down driveway toward the stairs that lead up to his apartment. The front yard is completely fenced. Lily, the owner of t restaurant, is almost visible in there working among the  greenery of a lush garden. Her friendly dog, AINGE, sees  Mumford, leaps easily over the fence and does a circle ar Mumford, who has no free hand to pet him.
15) 1) dialog: How ya doin', Ainge? Evenin', Lily.
15) 3) text: The dog leaps gracefully back into the yard. Mumford hurr up the stairs.
16) 0) text: Mumford comes in and puts the bags down on the kitchen  counter. He goes directly to the table by his main chair picks up the TV remote. He switches it on and changes the channel. The opening segment of UNSOLVED MYSTERIES is jus beginning. It previews the stories on that evening's epis disappearances and unclosed cases -- with Robert Stack  hosting. CLOSE ON MUMFORD'S FACE as he watches. Only when the whol show has been previewed does he seem to relax. He leaves show on as he goes into the kitchen and begins unloading bags.
17) 0) text: Mumford is comparing different stepladders. MR. COOK, the sixty-ish proprietor, has been watching from a distance, now --
17) 2) dialog: (doesn't really know  him) Mr. Cook.
17) 4) text: Mystified, Mumford follows Cook through the door into the back. BACK OF THE STORE. Cook motions for Mumford to take the s of honor in the work area, but Mumford prefers to stand.  Cook has a little trouble figuring how to start. Finally
17) 6) dialog: Uh-huh.
17) 8) dialog: What's that?
17) 10) dialog: Syndrome... Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.
17) 12) dialog: No... a little. There's a lot of  debate about it.
17) 14) dialog: Why's that?
17) 16) dialog: Sure. Why don't you bring her up to  my office at 3 tomorrow afternoon.
17) 19) dialog: Generally that doesn't work out so  well. It sends the wrong message to  people who need to make a change.
18) 0) text: Mumford is walking up the busy sidewalk carrying his new foot stepladder hooked on his shoulder. Folks greet him.  Suddenly Lionel appears in front of Mumford, who stops.
18) 1) dialog: Hello, Lionel.
18) 3) dialog: You're right, as usual. See you.
18) 4) text: Mumford continues up the street. We STAY WITH Lionel, who watches Mumford with a sour look, then turns to enter a s medical building.
22) 0) text: Idyllic. The beautifully manicured field is surrounded by lush woods. Standing about forty feet apart, Mumford and  Skip are alone on the field throwing a baseball back and  forth. For quite a while the only sounds are the birds, t wind, and the regular SLAP of ball into glove. Finally --
22) 5) dialog: Skip, you must have lots of people  you can throw a ball with.
22) 7) dialog: Skip, you're the head of the whole  deal here. Are they busier than you?
22) 9) text: Mumford considers. SLAP... SLAP... SLAP.
22) 10) dialog: So, would you say we're out here...  let me think how to put this... Is  your problem really that you're...  lonely?
22) 12) dialog: Hell yes, I like it. What's better  than this? Most guys would kill just  to have someone do this with them  whenever they like.
22) 15) dialog: ("nope") Lily and I talk a bit. You know Lily,  runs the coffee shop?
22) 17) dialog: (agrees) She's probably ten years older than  you.
22) 20) dialog: Lives downstairs from me. She's got  a great dog named for Danny Ainge.
22) 22) dialog: Well, there's Lily.
22) 24) dialog: Amazing.
22) 27) dialog: What kind of person do you have to  be to do this?
22) 28) text: Mumford gestures off in the one direction we have not yet seen.
22) 30) dialog: This --
22) 33) text: Mumford takes that in. SLAP... SLAP.
22) 35) dialog: Yeah.
22) 37) text: Skip is a little surprised to hear this from Mumford, but just throws the ball.
22) 38) dialog: Pretty good, too. Lots of detail.  Nothing hard core. Old-fashioned  ones, from back when people cared  about atmosphere and character.
22) 40) dialog: Problem is, his fantasy life's a lot  better than his real one. Nothing  can live up to it. His wife got sick  of it and left him. Took his kids  with her.
22) 42) text: Skip is fascinated, but a little uncomfortable. Mumford s oblivious, unusually talkative --
22) 43) dialog: Of course, it's not that simple.  There's something powerful going on  there. We've got a lot of work to  do. (announcer voice) It's hit to the warning track!
22) 44) text: For the first time, Mumford throws the ball way high, lik long fly ball. Skip, delighted as a dog, takes off runnin and just barely catches it on the run. He pegs it back to Mumford.
22) 45) dialog: In these fantasies, Henry Follett is  played by a handsome guy with biceps.  Can you imagine that? Where your  self-esteem has to be? (throws him the ball) Man, I'd just like to move the guy  to the point where he gets to appear  in his own fantasies.
23) 0) text: Silence. Nessa sits staring at Mumford defiantly, an unli cigarette in her mouth. Mumford looks at the clock -- 3:0 and stands up, session over. Nessa quickly lights her  cigarette with the lighter concealed in her hand and stan up too. She exhales a huge cloud of smoke and walks quick to the back door of the office, which Mumford has opened her, and goes out. Mumford waves half-heartedly at the cloud of smoke as he  walks to the door to the waiting room and opens it. MUMFORD'S POV: As the door swings open, the first figure see is Mr. Cook; he twists around at the sound of the doo He acknowledges Mumford and then sighs as he steps aside reveal, sitting exhausted in a chair, his daughter -- SOFIE -- a young woman whose actual appearance is somewha disguised at present by her wan, ashen visage. She regard Mumford with some resignation. Her father helps her out o the chair. Sofie keeps her eyes on Mumford. CLOSE ON Mumford, watching her.
24) 0) text: LATER. Mr. Cook is gone. Sofie is sitting up on the couch facing Mumford. She looks like she might pass out at any  moment, but her voice is stronger than you'd expect.
24) 1) dialog: Feel free to lie down. Most people  do.
24) 3) text: A joke. Mumford smiles.
24) 4) dialog: What can you tell me about this?
24) 7) dialog: When did you start to feel this way?
24) 10) dialog: What?
24) 12) dialog: (unconvincing) No.
24) 14) text: Mumford is knocked off balance -- she's right. She saw hi clearly.
24) 16) dialog: Back when this started, was there  anything unusual happening in your  life? A change of job, of living  situation... a loss of some kind?
24) 18) dialog: Hmm.
24) 20) dialog: Hmm, as in -- that's interesting.  Sometimes, with enough clues, it's  possible to figure these things out.
24) 22) dialog: I don't know what's real and what  isn't. That's never been my strong  suit. But if you're tired all the  time and you've had to give up the  life you were having and come back  home when you didn't want to... that's  worth trying to fix. Maybe I can  help you do that.
24) 24) dialog: We... we would try several things.  But I need to see you a lot.
24) 26) dialog: I'll come to you. We'll try a little  walking.
24) 28) dialog: We'll take it slow. You'll never  feel you can't handle it.
24) 30) dialog: We'll work it out.
24) 33) dialog: No one ever thought so. You must  bring it out.
24) 35) dialog: Maybe you'll catch it.
24) 37) text: Mumford just smiles. He doesn't want to tell her the trut everything.
25) 0) text: A taxi drops Mumford in front of the Brockett's large and beautiful house, which sits on an isolated lot on the  outskirts of town.
26) 0) text: Althea leads Mumford toward the back of the lavishly appo house. The weird thing, what gets in the way of the decor is the cardboard boxes of all sizes which are stacked  everywhere. Many are unopened, but the rest are spilling  their styrofoam-nugget and bubble-wrap guts to reveal som hint of their contents: a huge variety of catalogue-order housewares, clothing, linens, gadgets, and knickknacks. I it can be ordered from an upscale catalogue (and everythi can), it is here. Althea sounds very nervous, cheery.
27) 0) text: They come out onto the wide porch, which commands a  spectacular view of the surrounding countryside. There's elaborate bar cart out here, which Althea points Mumford  toward.
27) 2) text: She disappears inside with a bang of the screen door. Mum gets a drink for himself, taking in the view. He sees  something out there. MUMFORD'S POV: Way in the distance, coming out of the woo and down toward the house is a teenage boy.
27) 4) text: Mumford turns to see that Althea's thirteen year old daug KATIE has silently appeared. Her jeans and little tee-shi are meant to be sexy; it seems sad on her. Mumford nods.
27) 5) dialog: You must be Katie. People call me  Doc.
27) 7) text: Mumford follows as she disappears around the corner of th porch.
28) 0) text: Mumford follows Katie into a gloomy hall from a side entr Here too, the walls are lined with boxes. She tiptoes to of two facing doors and waits for him. When he has joined her, she motions him back a foot for  safety, then carefully opens the door to a large walk-in  closet. Katie's caution becomes understandable: the space packed so fully and chaotically with catalogue item carto that it might come tumbling out the door with one careles move. Katie closes the door, then pirouettes to the oppos door, which she swings open freely -- REVEALING: what was once a study is now completely filled with hundreds of  cartons, in an infinite variety of shapes and sizes. Mumford is taken aback. Katie points at packages and spea in a hypnotic WHISPER --
29) 0) text: Just as Mumford and Katie come back around the corner, MA Althea's sixteen year old son, crosses the yard and comes onto the porch. He's wearing an old black leather jacket  with a lot of zippers, dirty jeans and black Converse All Stars that are coming apart. In his hand, casually but  properly held, is a .22 caliber rifle. He looks Mumford o
29) 4) text: Mumford takes them both in and nods. He understands. Sudd their manner changes, for the worse. What they can see th Mumford cannot is JEREMY BROCKETT, Althea's husband, who come to the back screen door, with the bustle of a late  arrival.
29) 6) text: Seeing Mumford, Jeremy steps out onto the porch to shake hand. Jeremy is quite handsome and a fantastic dresser; h Armani outfit cost $4200 all in. His tone: hearty and str
29) 8) dialog: Doc. Nice to meet you.
29) 10) text: Jeremy goes inside. Martin and Katie exchange a look with each other, then to Mumford. Martin goes inside.
30) 0) text: LATER. Dinner is over. Jeremy comes out onto the veranda  carrying two Cuban cigars. His casual outfit is as stylis and pricey as his work outfit. He joins Mumford and Althe who immediately gets up.
30) 4) dialog: Nope.
30) 5) text: Jeremy puts the cigars down, pulls a joint out of his cas pullover and fires it up. After exhaling a huge cloud of  smoke, he offers the joint to Mumford, who declines.
30) 7) text: Jeremy takes another hit on the joint and puts it down. H gives a cigar and his gold lighter to Mumford, who begins light up --
30) 9) text: Mumford does as he's told. Jeremy lights his own cigar.
30) 11) dialog: I've had my moments.
30) 13) dialog: I thought it was -- Nobody ever said,  "I should have spent more time at  the office."
30) 15) dialog: What do you do?
30) 17) dialog: (no) We've been talking about her, mostly.
30) 19) dialog: You've done well.
30) 22) dialog: A little.
30) 24) dialog: Tastes good.
30) 26) dialog: What do you think's wrong with her?
30) 28) text: Jeremy blows cigar smoke into his snifter, then takes a  mouthful of cognac, savoring the sensations. Mumford watc fascinated by this guy.
30) 30) dialog: She seems very unhappy.
30) 33) text: Mumford looks at him a long time.
32) 0) text: Martin is driving Mumford back to town.
32) 2) dialog: Sure.
32) 4) dialog: Don't need it.
32) 6) dialog: You're good.
32) 8) dialog: That would explain it.
32) 10) dialog: I'm trying.
32) 14) text: Mumford gives him a surprised look, then acknowledges it.
32) 16) dialog: Is she a friend of yours?
32) 18) text: Mumford knew that.
32) 20) text: Mumford regards Martin with respect, then turns to look o front. After a few moments --
33) 4) text: The dog obediently leaves Martin and runs back to Lily.  Mumford waves as Martin pulls away.
33) 6) dialog: It's a pretty piece of land.
33) 9) dialog: Horror show. What'd you do tonight?
33) 11) dialog: ...And?
33) 13) dialog: Why do you watch?
33) 15) text: Mumford laughs.
34) 0) text: TIGHT ON COMPUTER SCREEN. A health information "library"  website has been called up on Mumford's office computer.  Right now it's beginning to spew information about "CHRON FATIGUE SYNDROME" -- Definitions, Signs and Symptoms,  Diagnostic Measures, etc. Mumford is hunched over the computer, reading avidly. His printer is churning out hard copies.
35) 0) text: Mumford comes out the front door and holds it open for So He offers his arm and she takes it tentatively.
35) 2) dialog: We'll turn back anytime you want.
35) 4) text: Mumford looks out toward the street. A woman in her fifti is turning into the front walk. She stares at them, unsmi as the two parties converge. She is MRS. COOK.
35) 7) dialog: (offering his hand) Yes. It's nice to meet you, Mrs.  Cook.
35) 14) dialog: Ph.D., psychologist.
35) 16) dialog: That's right, the fake kind.
35) 17) text: Mrs. Cook is not amused. Sofie pulls on Mumford.
36) 0) text: Mumford and Sofie, foreground, walk slowly up the block. the background, Mrs. Cook watches for awhile before going inside.
36) 2) dialog: People usually have to get to know  me before they hate me.
36) 4) dialog: Maybe... but you're the one whose  ass is dragging.
36) 6) dialog: Is she against you getting help?
36) 8) dialog: Something's bothering her.
36) 11) dialog: Please... forgive me.
36) 13) dialog: Negative thinking makes everything  more difficult. If you're going to  have enough strength to do this, we  have to talk only about positive  things. All right?
36) 15) dialog: Okay then... Are you positive your  mother's a bitch? (she laughs, surprised) Just kidding.
36) 17) dialog: (seems worried) I've offended you!
36) 19) dialog: Really? What would it take?
36) 22) dialog: Sorry... I'm done.
36) 27) dialog: I want you to tell me all your  symptoms.
37) 2) dialog: Be specific.
38) 1) dialog: Sore throat?
38) 4) dialog: Low grade fever?
39) 1) dialog: Painful lymph glands? (yes) Forget fulness... irritability...  depression?
39) 3) dialog: Yeah, most people have that. It's  confusing here.
39) 5) dialog: Life.
40) 0) text: ANOTHER DAY. Mumford is leading Sofie through the lightes set of calisthenics ever devised. Now they're doing waist bends and arm waving. Even so, it's taking everything Sof got.
40) 2) dialog: Did you get headaches before this? (Sofie: yes) But you get more now? Or more severe?
40) 4) dialog: So the headaches may not even be a  part of this?
40) 6) dialog: I can give myself a headache  instantly.
40) 8) dialog: All I have to do is have two  conflicting thoughts at the same  time... Like I'll think -- 'Taking  these walks is going to help Sofie  get better.' But then I'll also think --  'Mumford, you just enjoy taking these  walks and you're kidding yourself  about the benefits.'
40) 10) dialog: There... I've given myself a real  whopper.
40) 12) dialog: Sometimes, yeah... pulling in two  different directions at once. It  makes tiny little tears in our fabric.
41) 9) dialog: Mr. Follett.
41) 11) dialog: Henry!
42) 0) text: Follett sits up abruptly on the couch and twists toward  Mumford, agitated.
42) 2) dialog: Stop now.
42) 4) dialog: Not for this. Not me, you're not.
42) 6) dialog: It doesn't matter how I feel about  it. It's how you feel about it that  matters.
42) 8) dialog: You didn't come to me because you  have a rich imagination.
42) 10) dialog: You came because it's taking over.  You're in its grip.
42) 12) text: Mumford's tone suddenly picks up a touch of steel.
42) 13) dialog: Where's your wife, Henry?
42) 15) dialog: Where's your wife, Henry?
42) 17) dialog: (softer) I didn't hear you.
42) 20) dialog: (shouts, Follett jumps) What?!
42) 23) dialog: (normal again) Now we're back on track.
42) 25) dialog: What's that?
43) 0) text: Mumford strides up the trail on his late day excursion. H comes around a bend and is surprised to find Skip waiting for him, looking serious.
43) 1) dialog: Hey, Skip.
43) 3) dialog: That's all right. What's on your  mind?
43) 4) text: Mumford indicates that Skip should walk with him up the t
43) 6) dialog: Yep.
44) 0) text: Mumford and Skip come out of the trees, climb onto the bi rock, and settle down. The sun is falling over the town o Mumford.
44) 2) text: He checks Mumford's reaction. Mumford nods, offers Skip w who turns it down. Mumford takes a swig.
44) 4) dialog: Sometimes it's best to keep a few  things just for ourselves.
44) 6) dialog: It's just a thought.
44) 9) text: Mumford lets that hang a few moments, then acknowledges i silently. Now Skip is even more nervous.
44) 11) dialog: You're concerned that maybe I can't  be trusted with a secret.
44) 13) text: Mumford looks at Skip for a long moment.
44) 14) dialog: That is correct, Skip. I'm going to  have to take a long look at that.
44) 17) dialog: -- Skip. Knowing what you do about  me --
44) 23) dialog: You are Panda, monarch of modems.
44) 25) dialog: Okay... let's say that, for now.
44) 27) text: Mumford shakes his head, "no."
44) 29) dialog: (if he must) Jerking off?
44) 31) text: Mumford tries to put that all together. Finally --
44) 32) dialog: Slash what?
44) 34) dialog: A doll?
44) 36) text: Mumford considers that a long time, watching as the sun  finally sinks below the horizon. He looks back at Skip.
44) 37) dialog: How's it coming?
44) 39) dialog: ("no") And that's your secret? (Skip: "yes") You meant -- like a trade secret?
44) 41) dialog: Sounds like kind of a good idea.
44) 43) dialog: Definitely.
44) 44) text: It's getting dark fast now. Mumford reaches into his bag takes out the headlamp we saw earlier. He fits the straps carefully over his head.
44) 45) dialog: Skip, that's not much of a secret.
44) 47) dialog: Oh, it's okay. It's just not something  to be ashamed of. Maybe you don't  want people knowing -- and believe  me, it's safe with me -- but on the  scale of dirty little secrets, I'd  give it, say... a two.
44) 48) text: Mumford twists the headlamp and the light shines out in t dusk. Mumford turns the beam directly at Skip.
44) 49) dialog: You want to know a secret? I'll tell  you a secret. Since it's just between  us and all...
44) 51) dialog: The secret, Skip, is this -- I am  not now, nor have I ever been... a  psychologist.
44) 52) text: At first, Skip thinks he's misunderstood Mumford. But in huge silence that ensues, he replays it and knows he's he right. Mumford looks around, adjusts his headlamp, and ge up.
44) 53) dialog: We'd better get going. Just follow  my light. And, Skip, watch your step.
45) 0) text: This porch is directly above Lily's porch. Mumford and Sk sit nursing beers. There's a cooler on the floor. Mumford legs are propped up on the porch railing
45) 2) dialog: Just you.
45) 4) text: Mumford takes a drink of beer.
45) 6) dialog: Doesn't matter. You can call me Doc.
45) 8) text: Mumford gestures: "sorry, no can do."
45) 10) dialog: I can tell you anything else.
45) 12) text: Mumford looks at Skip, considering. He takes a long pull  from his beer, then looks at the frosty bottle.
45) 13) dialog: Did you know that every species of  mammal has found some way to drug,  inebriate, or anestnetize itself?  Even if it's just banging its head  against a rock. Seems to be some  natural urge... to get away for a  while. (one more look at  Skip) I've had it for as long as I can  remember. The first place I wanted  out of was home...
45) 14) text: AS MUMFORD TALKS we SEE IMAGES FROM HIS PAST, all FROM  MUMFORD'S POV. We do not see him in the scenes. Instead,  everyone else in the scene RELATES TO THE CAMERA AS MUMFO even if they're just ignoring him.
47) 0) text: The cramped interior is grimy and depressing. MUMFORD'S M worse for wear, has just put a glass of liquor on the sin and returned her attention to the smoking stovetop. She  glances briefly at Mumford and greets him pleasantly, cle drunk. Suddenly, her attention shifts and we -- PAN TO TH FRONT DOOR which is opened roughly by MUMFORD'S FATHER, a coal miner whose face still shows the grime of his work. it's his scary scowl that impresses. His eyes take in his wife (and her drink) but he says nothing. He barely gives Mumford a glance as he drops his lunch pail on the table disappears into another room.
47) 1) dialog: I thought I had the best parents in  Bald Knob, West Virginia... till I  was seven years old and got a look  at some others. They weren't bad  folks...
47) 2) text: AT THE DINNER TABLE. Across the table, MUMFORD'S OLDER SI eats with her head down. On the right, Mumford's Mother i picking at her food. Mumford's POV shifts to his Father, is yelling something at his wife.
47) 3) dialog: ...but they were real unhappy about  being who they were...
47) 4) text: Now, his Father looks suddenly at Mumford; his hand shoot out to slap Mumford's face, and the IMAGE GOES BLACK, the immediately FADES UP AGAIN on --
48) 0) text: TIGHT ON A TEST PAPER being laid on an old-fashioned stud desk. Scrawled in red pencil at the top: "A -- Outstandin TILT UP to the old classroom, full of kids getting their  tests back. ACROSS THE AISLE, looking at camera with disg is a sixteen year old boy, MUMFORD'S CLASSMATE.
48) 1) dialog: It made no sense that school came  easy for me... I didn't do much work,  and there was a proud tradition in  my family of being really dumb. My  friends didn't like it much. It made  them distrust me...
49) 0) text: FROM INSIDE A HELMET: the brutal chaos of crashing bodies a Friday night high school football game. Mumford is viol hit. Our view is smashed so deep into the muddy turf that again the IMAGE GOES BLACK, then quickly FADES UP AGAIN o
50) 0) text: TIGHT ON A CAN OF "IRON CITY" BEER in MUMFORD'S POV as he puts it on the roof of a green Nash Rambler and ducks int the back seat. In the shadows is a teen-age girl, MUMFORD DATE. As Mumford moves toward her, she flames a Bic light and gleefully lights a fat joint; her blouse is unbuttone and gaping.
50) 1) dialog: On the other hand, it made some of  my classmates like me better... I  don't know what it was in me, maybe  some genes from my mom, maybe some  discomfort with myself, but early on  I was drawn to any substance that  made me numb...
51) 0) text: Graduation Ceremonies. MUMFORD'S POV moving across a plat toward the diploma being proffered by the PRINCIPAL. PAN Mumford's Parents, dressed up and proud, in the audience.
51) 1) dialog: When I got a scholarship to go out  of state to college, I was the first  one in my extended family who'd gone  beyond high school. At graduation,  my folks looked like a normal, happy  couple, which I guess they were about  10% of the time... out in public.
52) 0) text: TIGHT ON A DORM ROOM DOOR as it is pushed open. MUMFORD'S NEW ROOMMATE, a crazed, middle-class doper, has his stuff spread around and is settled in the midst of the chaos. H looks up at the arriving Mumford with a maniacal, stoned  smile.
52) 1) dialog: My roommate was from a planet I had  never heard of called Scarsdale,  where everything was the opposite of  West Virginia...
53) 0) text: TIGHT ON A BONG filling with white smoke. We FOLLOW IT UP THE TUBE to a PRETTY COED, who inhales deeply, then blows seductive cloud directly at Mumford. The room is full of  partying students.
53) 1) dialog: All the other kids, in fact, seemed  to know things I didn't. They were  friendly enough, but in four years,  I never got over feeling that I had  sneaked in... and was about to be  exposed as the hillbilly and imposter  I actually was.
54) 0) text: Funky decor, red scarf over the lamp creating a sexy glow MUMFORD'S POV moves toward an undulating shape hidden by sheet on the bed. He reaches out and lifts the edge to RE the Pretty Coed, now naked, giggling, her extended hand  offering a tab of acid right up to camera.
54) 1) dialog: The thing that always made those  feelings go away was... fun. Fun was  drugs, fun was sex, fun was  aggressively doing nothing. The only  problem I had with degenerate, self- destructive behavior was... I couldn't  get enough of it.
55) 0) text: A PROFESSOR approaches camera and lays a fresh examinatio on the desk in front of Mumford. The problem is -- Mumfor is so doped up the classroom is swimming and the examinat paper keeps changing shape.
55) 1) dialog: All that fun eventually had an impact  on the work I was doing. I figured,  what the hell, it was only college,  after all. I'd straighten up when I  went out in the real world...
56) 0) text: TIGHT ON SEVERAL AMPHETAMINE CAPSULES being dumped into  Mumford's palm over a water fountain. They disappear towa camera as we dip down toward the stream of water.
56) 1) dialog: I didn't want to jump into my career  right out of college. And since I  had no career, that turned out to be  not much of a problem...
56) 2) text: MUMFORD'S POV lifts from the fountain and turns to the  endless, deserted corridor of the huge building. We begin TRACKING DOWN the hall, checking out the various doorways Cleaning Crew appears far up ahead.
56) 3) dialog: I had a series of challenging jobs  over the next few years...
59) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Skip watches Mumford intently.
59) 1) dialog: ...pizza delivery, pipe fitting,  pest control... lots of jobs that  started with the letter "p". For  some reason, I kept losing these  jobs. (takes a swig of beer) The only mind-altering substance I  never had a problem with was alcohol.  I never got drunk. I didn't like the  feeling. But really, when you're as  fucked up as I was... big deal.
59) 2) text: Mumford stands up and stretches, then sits on the railing facing Skip.
59) 3) dialog: Eventually, doing all these different  jobs, I noticed something. For some  reason, probably because I was too  stoned to talk, everywhere I went --
60) 0) text: We see various CO-WORKERS from Mumford's jobs. The  environments are radically different, but the activity is always the same -- the Co-Worker in question is pouring h heart out to camera.
60) 1) dialog: -- people would talk to me, tell me  everything... their stories, their  problems, their innermost thoughts.  Sometimes they'd pretend they needed  advice, but mostly people just wanted  someone to listen.
61) 0) text: MUMFORD'S MOVING POV as he crawls into the darkness, an  insecticide sprayer ahead of him. He pushes at a cinderbl
61) 1) dialog: Anyway, one day I was spraying for  termites when I had a vision --
61) 3) dialog: -- it was time to put my college  degree to work and get a job with a  desk.
62) 1) dialog: I took the civil service exam and  found myself working at the Internal  Revenue Service, District 14, Central  Administrative Office. I started off  as a general records clerk...
62) 3) dialog: I guess the standards weren't too  high there, because my superiors got  excited and pushed me to take the  advancement tests...
63) 0) text: An intense basketball game. The ball zips from behind cam (Mumford) to an older guy, MUMFORD'S SUPERVISOR, under th basket; he lays it in easily, then comes over to high-fiv
63) 1) dialog: One guy in particular thought I should  be a Revenue Officer. There was more  money to be made as your  classification went up. Which had a  lot of appeal to me...
64) 0) text: A COCAINE MILL is loaded with white chunks and screwed sh in MUMFORD'S POV; the steady grinding begins. Spread acro the messy kitchen table is the regular user's paraphernal
64) 1) dialog: ...since, even though I was certain  I could stop anytime I wanted, I had  developed a real affection for  cocaine. It was my favorite hobby I  had ever had.
65) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV SHIFTS around the office. First, he's looki at an irate TAXPAYER yelling across a desk at a REVENUE  OFFICER, who remains unruffled --
65) 1) dialog: But I sure didn't want to be a Revenue  Officer, where you were face to face  abusing -- and getting abused -- all  day long...
65) 3) dialog: ...And being a Collection Agent was  definitely not in my genetic make- up...
65) 5) dialog: But there was one job that looked  like it might be fun -- Investigator.
66) 0) text: BACK TO PRESENT. Skip is leaning intensely toward Mumford
66) 2) dialog: Everybody has a story, Skip.
66) 4) dialog: What it felt like was... a series of  separate, unconnected lives --  hillbilly kid, wrecked college boy,  garbage man, civil service guy... (Yul Brynner accent) ...et cetera... et cetera. Every  time I'd leave a life, it felt good.  Whatever problems I was having were  suddenly gone. I had no friends and  I didn't talk to my family. The only  constant, stabilizing force in my  life was... drugs.
66) 6) dialog: It wasn't the best situation.
66) 8) dialog: Didn't need one. We didn't even need  a warrant for most of the shit we  did. Man, the IRS... we could go in  your bank account, your credit  cards... hell, we used to go into  doctors' files and get all the juicy  details. Nobody wants to argue with  the IRS.
67) 0) text: MOVING POV as Mumford follows GREGORY down the gloomy all to a corner where they can spy at the scene beyond.
67) 1) dialog: I got teamed with one of the top  guys, a fanatic named Gregory. He  always got his man, whether they  deserved it or not. He was a "closer"  and everybody admired that...
67) 3) dialog: He'd make the case and the Collection  guys would come in and clean up. Our  specialty was... sleazy skulking...
67) 4) text: Gregory turns to look at camera (Mumford) with a devilish grin.
67) 5) dialog: We were a good team. I was a dope  addict and Gregory was insane.
68) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV as he supports a drunken Gregory as they st down the sidewalk to a row house. Holding Gregory up on t other side, is CANDY, Gregory's pretty wife. They wrangle Gregory up the front steps. Gregory stumbles inside and  Mumford retreats down the steps, his eyes still on the fr door. Candy appears there and stares down at Mumford, who stops where he is.
68) 1) dialog: Of course, him being insane didn't  make it all right that I fell in  love with his wife.
69) 0) text: Mumford settles back in his chair as Skip shakes his head astounded.
69) 1) dialog: (announcer-like) "Get to know your therapist."
69) 3) dialog: (dry) But look at me now...
69) 5) text: Skip stops, remembers the truth, realizes. Mumford smiles
69) 7) dialog: Things got a lot worse.
70) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV from his bed. Candy finishes dressing acros the room. She looks at camera, her face full of the pain leaving.
71) 0) text: MOVING POV as Mumford follows Gregory up the ladder and o the roof of this old building in a rundown industrial  neighborhood.
71) 1) dialog: The way the District Managers got  ahead and won their bonuses was by  generating maximum payments. That  meant the revenue officers had to  use all their "collection tools" --  seizures, liens, levies -- even if a  more reasonable compromise could  have been worked out. The best way  to reduce resistance from the  taxpayers was to build a convincing  case -- whether there'd actually  been a violation or not...
71) 2) text: Mumford follows Gregory, crawling, to the edge of the roo and looks down on a building one block over. It is a smal furniture factory. Employees are eating their lunches on loading dock.
71) 3) dialog: That's where we came in. Our DM was  a particular sonuvabitch, and he  knew just how to get Gregory crazy.
72) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV takes in his ATTRACTIVE DATE next to him, t PANS TO Candy and Gregory across the table. Everybody's  laughing. Candy flashes Mumford a momentary special look. MUMFORD'S POV guiltily PANS TO Gregory. Did he see it?
72) 1) dialog: So several things were working on  Gregory when we started building a  case against a furniture maker named  Edmond Worrell...
73) 1) dialog: ...and his family.
74) 0) text: Lit by powerful flashlights, Gregory and Mumford attack t files of the company, both in cabinets and on computer.
74) 1) dialog: Gregory was acting more and more  irrational. We started doing things  that were over the line even for the  IRS. When I look back on it now, I'm  sure Gregory must have known about  Candy and me. On our team, I had  become...
75) 1) dialog: ...the responsible one.
76) 0) text: MUMFORD'S POV IS A BLURRY SHAPE until Candy moves up and  away, her face sweaty and aroused, torso naked. She's on of Mumford.
77) 0) text: Mumford's POV slides into the passenger seat. Gregory is  already sitting in the driver's seat. He stares at Mumfor long time.
78) 0) text: Mumford is following Gregory and REVENUE OFFICER MCLURE d the hall. They reach a door with the painted sign: "SAMUE
78) 2) dialog: Sometimes when a case didn't work  out right, Gregory and this Revenue  Officer named McLure would put the  squeeze on the subject's accountant...
79) 1) dialog: There aren't many accountants who  don't have something to worry about  with the Service...
80) 0) text: Edmond Worrell, his wife, his adult SON and DAUGHTER,  WORRELL'S LAWYER, and, finally, the accountant Gorbeck ar ushered toward a conference room by McLure, Gregory and s other IRS types. Gorbeck sneaks a nervous look at Mumford Gregory, who now appears slightly mad, motions for Mumfor to join them.
80) 1) dialog: The parties met repeatedly over a  period of months. The IRS offered to  settle for a sizable but, they said,  fair amount. Worrell said he'd done  nothing wrong and threatened to fight  it all the way to Washington. He  seemed pretty strong. I was secretly  pulling for him. McLure and the  District Manager stepped up the  pressure.
81) 1) dialog: What none of us down at the Service  knew was that Edmond Worrell had a  story too... Worrell's was that he'd  been fighting chronic depression for  thirty years. Under the heat of the  investigation, he fell off his  medication. One Tuesday morning, he  went down to the factory early, wrote  his family a letter, then used the  9mm automatic they kept there to  kill himself... The DM dropped the  case that day and started proceedings  to get rid of Gregory...
82) 0) text: Mumford's POV as he comes up the steps. The front door op before he gets there. Candy, her face bruised, her eyes r comes into view, she has a suitcase in hand.
82) 1) dialog: Gregory went home drunk, beat up  Candy and went out to drink some  more. Candy told me she didn't want  to see me again. She hated us both  and she was leaving us both... It  made perfect sense to me. I felt the  same way...
83) 0) text: Mumford is frantically, futilely looking for an imagined  drug stash. He's ransacked the place and is now throwing clothes out of a drawer.
84) 0) text: Mumford looks desperately through the pill bottles and  detritus in his squalid medicine cabinet.
84) 1) dialog: ...In fact, I was jealous of Candy.  I wanted to leave too, just like  her... get as far away from --
84) 2) text: Giving up, Mumford slams the medicine cabinet shut and FO THE FIRST TIME SINCE HIS STORY BEGAN, WE SEE MUMFORD in h previous incarnation. And this is probably as bad as he e looked. He stares at his image in the mirror.
84) 3) dialog: -- me... as possible.
85) 0) text: Skip is staring at Mumford. Empty beer bottles are lined on the porch railing.
85) 2) text: Mumford nods.
85) 4) dialog: Harder than I thought. Took me three  tries. But I was highly motivated --  figured there was no point in leaving  me and taking that along. After two  bomb-outs, I found a place in the  desert...
86) 1) dialog: The joint wasn't fancy -- it was run  by an order of monks -- but it worked.  When I got out of there, I was just  about broke...
87) 0) text: Mumford gets up from his chair and moves toward his door.
87) 1) dialog: ...which seemed perfect for starting  something new. Be back.
87) 2) text: Mumford goes inside. Skip sits listening to the night. Fr downstairs, in Lily's apartment, he HEARS A SHOWER GO ON. Mumford comes back out.
87) 4) dialog: That'd be Lily.
87) 6) dialog: Who'd you go with? (Skip: "alone") That's not good.
87) 8) dialog: You know how easy it is. A kid can  manage it if he wants a fake I.D.  You can do practically the whole  deal at your local Kinko's. The only  variable is how much pride you take  in the product.
87) 10) dialog: All new people start with that...
88) 1) dialog: With desktop publishing, you don't  have to deal with printers, supply  houses, or pesky government agencies.  Eventually you do have to get your  hands on a typewriter. Ever seen one  of those, Skip?
89) 0) text: Mumford looks at Skip.
89) 1) dialog: What about it?
89) 3) dialog: Oh. You got it backwards. I already  had the name when I started looking  for somewhere to settle. When I saw  this town on a map, I thought maybe  it was a sign. See...
90) 1) dialog: ...Mickey Mumford was in Miss Rice's  kindergarten class with me. He was  killed with his parents in a wreck  on their way back from a Steelers  game. He was only six years old,  which is a real plus, so there's a  birth certificate if anyone checks --  but not much else. They died in  Pennsylvania, so there's no death  certificate in West Virginia... that's  also good.
90) 2) text: ON A KITCHEN TABLE, the new birth certificate, now filled out for Michael Mumford, is carefully lifted from a shall bowl of light tea (the tea bags are nearby). The paper ha taken on an aged, sepia look. CUT TO: A STACK OF BOOKS. The ones on top are lifted away. The bo book is opened to reveal the birth certificate. It has be folded in an official way. Now Mumford unfolds it, then  refolds it differently -- with its smudges and creases, i starting to look old.
90) 4) dialog: Everything flows from that, and what  doesn't... can be easily purchased.
90) 5) text: SERIES OF SHOTS of Mumford's DOCUMENTATION PILING UP. A p office box is emptied, official-looking correspondence is opened, the bounty is laid out for perusal: Social Securi card, driver's license, college and graduate school diplo license and accreditation to operate as a therapist.
90) 6) dialog: Of course, my IRS training made it  easier. Once you've done that, there's  not much data you can't access and  use any way you want.
91) 1) dialog: In a free society, you are who you  say you are. (smiling) People should remember that before  they go around knocking this country. (he gets up) Skip, all this beer's got me sleepy.
91) 4) dialog: No... no training.
91) 6) dialog: English Lit.
91) 8) dialog: I understand what it's like to want  to leave a problem behind. That's  all most people are looking to do. (shrugs) Mainly, I listen.
91) 11) dialog: See you Thursday... regular time.
91) 12) text: Mumford goes inside. Skip nods, head spinning.
92) 0) text: Mumford and Sofie are delivering newspapers in lovely fir light. Mumford has a canvas sack full of newspapers aroun his neck. At each house, he consults the list in his hand then hands Sofie a rolled-up paper, which she throws -- w varying success -- toward the front doors. The activity i tiring for her, but she's committed.
92) 2) text: Mumford hands her another paper, which she heaves with al her limited strength, missing the front porch badly. Mumf who can't get enough of watching her, doesn't notice at f
92) 4) text: Mumford snaps out of it. He goes up on the lawn and flips the paper deftly onto the porch. As they continue --
92) 5) dialog: You're doing great.
92) 7) dialog: It doesn't matter. Go on.
92) 11) dialog: Yes.
92) 13) dialog: Oh, there's something wrong with  you, all right. Especially after  hearing that dream of yours, about  the Roto-Rooter.
92) 16) dialog: Disgusting.
92) 18) dialog: It's pretty obvious to a trained  professional.
92) 22) dialog: Is that when you split up?
92) 24) text: Mumford hands her another paper and indicates the next ho
92) 26) dialog: Brady Peck's. Fourteen years old.  Lives next door.
92) 28) dialog: In the capitol for Boy's Nation.  Five days. Why?
92) 30) dialog: You like it?
92) 32) dialog: Then you can expect me at 5:30  tomorrow morning.
92) 34) dialog: Therapy? Hell no, I just don't want  to do it alone.
93) 1) dialog: What is it, Nessa?
93) 4) dialog: What do you want me to see?
93) 6) text: Mumford is sitting next to Nessa on the couch. At their f is a mess of magazines. Nessa discards one and immediatel starts flipping through a new one beneath it. She is very agitated. Mumford stands up, walks over and sits in his c
93) 8) dialog: If you don't want to have a session  today, it's okay.
93) 10) dialog: What happened today?
93) 12) dialog: Was it something that happened at  school?
93) 14) dialog: True. Should we stop them?
93) 17) dialog: Uh-huh.
93) 19) text: Mumford waits. Nessa refers to the magazine beneath her c
93) 23) dialog: Do you think that's what he wants?
94) 0) text: Mumford crosses the street from his office. A huge bus wi "APPLEJACK TOURS" on the sides, is disgorging its passeng a large group of elderly JAPANESE WOMEN, all of whom file neatly into Lily's Caf. Lily stands on the sidewalk out greeting them merrily.
94) 1) dialog: What's the deal?
94) 4) dialog: Where am I supposed to eat?
94) 6) text: Mumford's attention is suddenly drawn to something across the street. He glances thoughtfully at Lily for a moment, then back out there. WHAT HE SEES: Skip is once again zipping down the street his skateboard in the midst of traffic. He has not notice Mumford.
94) 7) dialog: Hey, Skip!
94) 11) dialog: Lily, I want you to meet Skip. Skip,  Lily.
94) 16) text: Skip can't believe what he just said. Neither can the oth two, actually. Mumford can't stop himself from laughing, he cuts it off fast. Lily blushes, but Skip's agitation h charmed her. Something's happening here.
94) 19) dialog: ...so rich?
94) 34) text: She motions him in and starts to follow. Mumford makes a  "what about me?" sound. Lily, grinning, just points to th sign and leaves Mumford standing on the sidewalk.
94) 36) text: Mumford turns to find Dr. Delbanco and Phyllis Sheeler, t shrinks Lionel had conferred with, standing nearby. It ta a moment for Mumford to remember Delbanco. Finally, shaki hands --
94) 37) dialog: Dr. Delbanco. It's nice to see you  again.
94) 39) dialog: (shaking her hand) Of course... I've heard great things  about you.
94) 42) text: Mumford makes a show of remembering.
94) 43) dialog: Forgive me, please. What a gracious  thought. We must do that.
94) 45) dialog: Why don't I call you when I've got  my calendar in front of me?
94) 47) dialog: Right now?
94) 48) text: The other two nod in unison. Mumford considers, trapped.
95) 0) text: The town's upscale dining spot. Mumford, Delbanco and She are in a red leather booth. Sheeler listens with rapt,  admiring attention as Delbanco speaks --
95) 2) text: Mumford nods appreciatively. (He really is an extraordina listener.) Delbanco catches his own vanity in Sheeler's  adoring gaze and becomes self-conscious --
95) 4) dialog: Are we?
95) 8) dialog: My mentor was an amazing teacher  named Benton Mandlebaum. Died quite  tragically in the collapse of a  gazebo.
95) 10) text: Mumford's response, and all that follow, is calm and plea
95) 11) dialog: It's possible. I don't know about  that.
95) 13) dialog: Lots of institutions. My graduate  advisor believed we should experience  as many environments as possible --  prisons, clinics, half-way houses.  For a while I was chief therapist in  a shopping mall. Had a little spot  next to the yogurt place.
95) 15) dialog: Dorothy Fowler. Fantastic woman. She  passed last year in a train wreck.  Damned Amtrak.
95) 18) dialog: Oh, yeah, very tough. But I guess  that's good... to keep out the quacks.
95) 20) dialog: Wallace Franklin... from Greensburg.
95) 23) dialog: (agrees) I don't even know why hang-gliding  is considered a legitimate sport.
95) 25) dialog: My approach?
95) 27) dialog: I don't have one really. Most of the  time I'm faking it. See, I think  there's not much that can be done  about most problems... they're too  complicated, too deep-rooted by the  time I hear about them. The most I  can do, usually, is look and listen  real closely, try to catch some  glimpse of the secret life everybody's  got. If I can get a sense of that,  well then, maybe... just maybe, I  can help them out a little.
95) 28) text: Mumford sits back, considering the couple across the tabl His gaze is so crystalline that, after a moment, they bec uncomfortable and steal a glance at each other. Finally -
96) 2) dialog: I understand. I just want to know  what the argument was about.
96) 4) dialog: Uh-huh. What are they?
96) 6) dialog: One hundred books?
96) 8) dialog: What happened?
96) 9) text: Althea is sitting on the couch facing Mumford. She has a  bulky knit cardigan sweater hugged tightly around her -- only sign that she's not completely calm.
96) 11) dialog: You must have been concerned.
96) 13) dialog: Doubtful. What did he say?
96) 15) text: Mumford looks away. Althea realizes what he's thinking.
96) 17) text: It hadn't occurred to Mumford, but it's an interesting  thought.
96) 21) text: Mumford nods.
96) 25) dialog: Take your time.
96) 31) text: She heads toward the door to the waiting room. Mumford  indicates the back door.
96) 32) dialog: You can go out there if you like...
97) 3) dialog: Henry...
97) 5) text: Mumford is being escorted across the spectacular atrium b PANDA SECURITY AIDE. Her informal uniform, and all the ot details in the building, carry out the Panda design motif As they head down the main corridor --
97) 7) text: Mumford looks that way. In the distance, Skip is descendi from an upper level on his skateboard via a unique system ramps designed for that purpose alone. None of the hustli Panda Employees in the area take any particular notice of the sight. Skip meets Mumford and his escort at the bottom of the ra with a spectacular stop.
97) 9) text: The Security Aide retreats as Skip (riding slowly alongsi leads Mumford into a side corridor.
97) 10) text: SERIES OF SHOTS. Skip and Mumford move through a maze of  hallways with progressively less foot traffic.
97) 12) dialog: I'm honored.
97) 14) dialog: You're completely reliable.
97) 18) dialog: Skip, I've got a problem and I need  some advice.
97) 22) text: Mumford reassures him with a look. Skip pushes the door o far enough for them to enter, then pulls it closed behind them.
98) 0) text: Mumford and Skip enter the large, windowless workspace. W at first appears chaotic is, in fact, carefully organized Many different disciplines interface here: THE BODY SECTION: The first thing one notices -- some  incredibly life-like, anatomically correct,  sculpture/mannequins -- both male and female. You half ex them to breathe. From there, a full wall of forms descend from store mannequins and skeletons all the way down to a huge variety of inflatable sex dolls. THE CYBER SECTION: A dizzying array of computers and scre some showing wire-form outlines of body parts in repeated motion. Above them, on a huge corkboard, hundreds of comp generated renderings of skin, eyes, limbs, sexual organs. THE BODY PARTS SECTION: Medical models of teeth, eyes, li limbs. Hundreds of porn store samples: plastic dildos, ru vaginas, sucking machines and sundry genitalia. THE FORM-CASTING SHOP: All the machinery you need to make rubber and acrylic forms of anything that can be computer designed. All these weird objects are set upon shiny, spotless, hig tech work surfaces. Skip watches Mumford move about in aw picking up the odd item.
98) 2) dialog: ("no") Skip, you're a visionary. That can  be a burden.
98) 4) dialog: There are a lot of lonely people in  the world. Somebody's gonna figure  this out someday.
98) 6) dialog: Really?
98) 8) dialog: What'd I do?
98) 9) text: Skip looks at Mumford, a wide grin on his face.
98) 11) dialog: Lily... (gets it) ...Skip, that's great! You and Lily.
98) 17) dialog: Wow.
98) 20) dialog: Skip, you know that it's improper --  completely unethical -- for a licensed  psychologist to carry on a romantic  relationship with one of his patients?
98) 22) dialog: Yes, yes it does...
98) 23) text: Mumford sinks into silence. He begins to wander the room.
98) 25) text: Mumford nods. Skip is desperate to say something useful.  Suddenly, he has an alarming thought.
98) 27) dialog: What?
98) 28) text: Mumford understands and can't stop a laugh.
98) 29) dialog: No, Skip, it's not you. But I like  you a lot.
98) 32) text: Mumford turns to meet Skip's gaze. Skip realizes the  ramifications of what he's just said.
98) 34) dialog: Yep.
100) 0) text: Mumford is eating his lunch at the counter. He watches Li busily working the midday rush. She sees him grinning at  her, but doesn't say anything for a while. Finally, blush
100) 2) text: Mumford smiles, eats.
101) 0) text: Mr. Cook opens the front door to Mumford.
101) 2) text: Mumford comes in, reluctantly.
101) 3) dialog: Hello, Mr. Cook. I was wondering if  Sofie was around?
101) 5) dialog: No. It's sort of spur of the moment.
102) 0) text: Mumford follows Mr. Cook into the room. Mrs. Cook and Sof thirtyish brother, BEN, are in there, watching television Mrs. Cook keeps knitting; Ben stands to shake Mumford's h muting the TV with a remote.
102) 5) text: Mumford continues to stand.
102) 6) dialog: Well, actually, I can't really... Do  you think I could see Sofie?
102) 8) text: Mumford sits.
102) 10) text: Mumford's surprised. Mr. Cook speaks with some pleasure.
102) 12) dialog: A friend?
102) 16) dialog: There's something I think we need to  talk about.
102) 22) text: Ben gives Mumford an exasperated look, but doesn't argue.
102) 24) text: Mumford is conflicted, not sure what to share with them.
102) 25) dialog: Well... yes, I guess I should tell  you. I don't think I'm going to be  able to treat Sofie anymore.
102) 28) dialog: What do you mean?
102) 30) dialog: No, I really don't.
102) 32) dialog: Why don't you tell me?
102) 36) dialog: (standing up) I'd better go.
102) 38) text: Mumford looks from Ben to Mr. Cook, who nods his agreemen
102) 39) dialog: Well... you see, the problem is --
102) 41) text: Mumford looks at Mrs. Cook and can't stifle a laugh.
102) 42) dialog: Wow. You're something.
102) 45) text: Mumford can't take his eyes off Mrs. Cook, even as he spe to Mr. Cook.
102) 46) dialog: Problem? I guess there is no  problem... Uh, this friend of Sofie's,  where'd he take her?
102) 48) dialog: (delighted) Oh, Roxy! Excellent. Roxy.
103) 0) text: Mumford carries a large Fed-Ex box down a side street and into an alley. As he passes a secluded space created by t adjacent buildings, something catches his eye. MUMFORD'S MOVING POV: A young couple is embracing and tal intimately. As they separate, we can see that it is Nessa and Martin Brockett. Martin sees Mumford, but makes no si Nessa twists to see what Martin's looking at just as the  view is interrupted by a wall. Mumford walks on, mulling what he's seen.
104) 0) text: There is a locked security screen at the alley entrance t the back room of the pharmacy, but the door inside is ope When a YOUNG PHARMACIST appears in there, Mumford raps on the metal screen.
105) 0) text: Follett's private space is above and at the back of his  drugstore. When you sit at his desk and in front of it, a Follett and Mumford are doing now, you can see down into store through a floor-to-ceiling, one-way mirror. The Fed-Ex box sits on the desk between the two men, unop
105) 2) dialog: It's a thought I had.
105) 4) text: Mumford seems hesitant, but nods. Follett takes out an Ex knife and makes the first incision, but as he's about to on, Mumford suddenly reaches out and stops him.
105) 5) dialog: Let me just say something here... I  have no idea if this is going to  help.
105) 7) dialog: You remember when I asked you about  pornography --
105) 9) dialog: -- and you told me that. Still,  there's some kind of imagery that's  haunting you and, I think, getting  in your way --
105) 11) dialog: But you did come to me.
105) 13) dialog: My guess is these images were burned  into your brain when you were young.  Maybe if we could nail down the exact  fantasies that are haunting you --  maybe you could get past them...  Anyway, I thought we could try an  experiment.
105) 15) text: Mumford nods, but suddenly looks depressed, distracted.
105) 16) dialog: You know what? I think this was a  dumb idea...
105) 18) dialog: ...I just heard myself talking and I  realize I'm completely unqualified  to be doing this. Let's forget the  whole thing.
105) 21) dialog: (pulling on the box) There's absolutely no reason to think  this is going to have any impact on  you. I'm embarrassed to have --
105) 24) text: Mumford gives up. Follett gestures to ask whether it's sa to put the box on the desk; Mumford reassures him. Now, w much more anticipation and ceremony than before, Follett  carefully cuts open the package. THE CONTENTS OF THE BOX is revealed as Follett opens the  flaps. There is an inner, brown paper wrapping upon which has been set a low-rent catalogue: "METROPOLITAN COLLECTI Periodicals, Erotica, Adult Nostalgia." Follett lifts awa the wrapping -- There are perhaps a dozen men's magazines of the late fif and early sixties: Nugget, Adam, The Adam Reader, Swank,  Dude. Plus several cartoon collections: Sex to Sexty, Sta Humor. Plus trashy adult novels of the era, with provocat illustrations on the covers: Night Call Nurse, The Neighb Have No Curtains, Secretarial Sluts, etc. Finally, two vi tapes, both of Russ Meyer films: MUDHONEY and COMMON-LAW  CABIN. We stay CLOSE ON the contents of the box as Follett's han shuffle through it, rapidly flipping through the pages. V soft-core by today's standards, the common thread is clea voluptuous, heavy-breathing sirens in tight clothes (and of them) tempting muscular, he-man drifters or libidinous businessmen. A world of lusty secretaries, siren babysitt and frustrated, neglected wives. In other words, exactly erotic ambience of Follett's fantasies. SLOW TILT UP TO FOLLETT'S FACE. He is transported, mesmer galvanized. In fact, at this moment, as the MUSIC SWELLS, tear is rolling down his cheek. He dare not take his eyes from this Holy Grail to look up at Mumford. The only thin that could wreck his mood now, is --
105) 30) text: It takes Follett a moment to understand, but when he does his whole manner changes. He dismisses the Young Pharmaci with a nod, then gives a quick, self-conscious glance to  Mumford.
105) 32) dialog: My pleasure.
105) 35) text: He hurries out. Mumford stands up to leave, but first loo down through the one-way mirror. WHAT HE SEES: Follett hurries up behind the prescription  counter, where Althea Brockett is waiting; once again she looks quite sexy. Follett brings her prescription up and  begins playfully flirting. Althea is responsive. Follett  motions Althea down the aisle, where it's more private. H comes out from behind the counter, ostensibly to show Alt something on the prescription bottle. Althea leans back  against some shelves in the same posture as the Landlady Follett's first fantasy. Mumford reacts, bemused.
106) 0) text: Mumford and Sofie make their way slowly up the trail. Des her labored breathing, it's clear Sofie has made enormous progress since we first saw her.
106) 2) dialog: That's what I like.
106) 4) dialog: Either one.
106) 6) dialog: I thought I had something to tell  you. But it turned out I didn't.
106) 8) dialog: That's one way to put it.
106) 10) dialog: I thought only action movies had  villains like that.
106) 13) text: Mumford slows at this. Sofie heads off the trail into the woods.
107) 0) text: Sofie appears first, but she waits for Mumford before she steps tentatively onto the rock. Mumford takes firm hold her and leads her to a spot where she can securely settle herself.
107) 2) text: Mumford looks up, sharply.
107) 8) dialog: Yeah?
107) 10) dialog: That's... good?
107) 12) dialog: I don't know if --
107) 14) dialog: Of course.
107) 16) text: Mumford is in agony.
107) 17) dialog: Sofie... that makes me very happy.
108) 2) dialog: What'd he say?
108) 4) text: Mumford laughs, delighted.
108) 5) dialog: What did he want you to do?
108) 9) text: Mumford doesn't have to see her face to know how much ple this gives her, despite her hard-ass cover.
108) 11) dialog: No again?
108) 13) dialog: Really?
108) 15) dialog: He agreed?
108) 19) text: She heads toward the waiting room. Mumford gestures to  indicate the back door. She waves him off. He shakes his  head -- no one wants to use the back anymore. Nessa opens the door to the waiting room. Martin Brockett sitting there. He makes a gesture to Nessa to underline t fact that he is not reading any of the many magazines lyi around, then stands up. She goes into his arms like maybe she's the puppy. He beams and looks at Mumford.
108) 21) dialog: Martin.
108) 24) dialog: How are you?
108) 26) text: Nessa gives Mumford an embarrassed, "ain't he corny?" loo but as they go out the door, she's never looked happier.
108) 28) text: Mumford is startled to find a man in a suit, GILROY, risi from the chair behind the door. He's got a briefcase and document in his hand.
108) 29) dialog: I didn't see you there. Can I help  you?
108) 31) text: He proffers the document in his hand, but Mumford doesn't take it.
108) 33) dialog: (takes the paper) Do you want to come in?
108) 35) dialog: Mr. Gilroy --
108) 37) dialog: What brought this on?
108) 39) text: He goes out. Mumford considers the paper in his hands,  thoughts elsewhere.
109) 0) text: CLOSE ON A PACKING CARTON half full of books. PULLING BAC and FLOATING OVER other boxes, half-packed with Mumford's personal belongings -- he doesn't have a lot. On the bed, open suitcase with a few clothes thrown in. We're STILL M across the room and out onto the porch, to REVEAL Mumford his chair, nursing a beer, looking up at the starry sky. Mumford HEARS THE SHOWER GO ON downstairs at Lily's. Then the MURMUR AND GIGGLE of a wet couple.
109) 2) text: Mumford smiles. He gets up and goes inside, closing the d behind him so as not to violate their privacy. He goes to the suitcase, takes out some clothes and begins putting t back in the dresser. Right now, he's not going anywhere.
110) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE-UP of Ernest Delbanco. We can't tell where is at first. As he speaks, we PULL BACK to REVEAL him lyi on Mumford's couch -- a patient.
110) 2) text: Across the room, Mumford sits, chin in hand, displaying n reaction.
110) 4) dialog: How do you mean?
110) 7) dialog: What kind of doubts?
110) 9) text: Mumford digests this.
110) 10) dialog: I see.
110) 12) dialog: What's that?
110) 14) dialog: Dr. Sheeler is leaving Mumford? I'm  sorry to hear that.
110) 16) text: Mumford's head snaps up. He had no idea Delbanco was marr
113) 0) text: Mumford sits beaming at Henry Follett on the couch. Mumfo glance takes in the clock and he stands up, signalling th end of the session. Follett snaps out of his revery and g up.
113) 1) dialog: I'm very happy for you, Henry.
113) 2) text: Mumford, surprisingly, takes Follett's hand and shakes it vigorously.
113) 3) dialog: I feel like we're making real progress  here.
113) 5) text: Mumford stops him with a "don't mention it" gesture. Foll accepts and goes out the back door. Mumford is pleased so still wants to use that door. Mumford returns to his desk and begins reading some paper when he HEARS the entry door to the waiting room. Not  expecting anyone, he checks the clock, then goes to his o door and opens it. Sofie is standing there, very agitated, just about to kno She peers past him to see if he's alone.
113) 7) dialog: Of course.
113) 8) text: Sofie sits on the couch. Mumford sits in his chair, facin her. Her voice is as strained as her manner.
113) 10) text: Mumford waits.
113) 12) dialog: Is something wrong, Sofie?
113) 14) dialog: You're upset.
113) 16) text: Mumford considers a long moment, several scenarios racing through his mind. Finally, carefully --
113) 17) dialog: Is it something you've heard about  me?
113) 19) dialog: Why don't you tell me what's on your  mind?
113) 22) text: Mumford gestures "of course." Sofie swings her legs up an lies on the couch so they can no longer see each other's  face. (It's the most vigorous movement she's yet shown us This seems to help Sofie a bit.
113) 24) dialog: Um-huh.
113) 26) dialog: I'm glad.
113) 28) dialog: I don't follow you.
113) 30) dialog: (tentative) Okay...
113) 32) dialog: I think so.
113) 34) dialog: What was that?
113) 36) dialog: Transference.
113) 38) text: Mumford appears frozen in his chair. There is a heavy sil in the room. Sofie does not look back there.
113) 40) dialog: Hello.
113) 44) text: Mumford doesn't know what to say. He's on the rack. Final
113) 45) dialog: Yes.
113) 46) text: Silence. Then Sofie gets up, wiping at tears with the bac of her bare hand. Mumford jumps up to offer her a tissue, but she ignores it. She will not meet his gaze.
114) 0) text: Mumford comes up the street, lost in thought, and turns i the driveway toward his stairs. Ainge leaps over the fron yard fence. Mumford pets the dog distractedly, still movi
114) 1) dialog: Hey, Ainge.
114) 4) dialog: (keeps walking) Lily.
114) 6) text: Mumford reluctantly stops. Lily comes up to the fence.
114) 8) dialog: He told you.
114) 10) dialog: (dismisses it) You would have met in some shower  eventually...
114) 12) dialog: Thanks, Lily, I don't need anything.
114) 14) dialog: (can't fight) Okay.
114) 16) dialog: That's it? That's what you're giving  me?
114) 18) text: Mumford leans down to pet Ainge.
114) 19) dialog: What it might take is... doing time.
114) 21) text: Mumford straightens, looks at Lily and acknowledges it.
114) 23) text: Mumford looks at Lily a long moment, then leans over the  fence and kisses her on the forehead. Ainge jumps back ov to her side.
114) 24) dialog: I'll tell her tonight.
114) 25) text: Mumford turns and continues toward his stairs.
115) 0) text: Mumford comes in, drops his coat, gets a carton of orange juice out of the fridge and drinks directly from it.  Distracted, he picks up the remote from the kitchen count and switches on the TV, then opens his freezer and stares inside. UNSOLVED MYSTERIES comes on. The opening segment previews story about a couple who claim to have had a visitation f Gianni Versace, then one about a yacht that went down nea Venezuela. ROBERT STACK, in his characteristic fragmented delivery, intones the preview for the last story, accompa by appropriate footage:
115) 2) text: A CLOSE-UP of an IRS identification card featuring a pict of a younger Mumford, badly photographed in suit and tie. His name is not visible.
115) 4) text: In the kitchen, Mumford spins to look. DISSOLVE TO: LATER IN THE PROGRAM. Documentary shots of IRS Headquarte etc., are INTERCUT with hokey-looking re-enactments from  Mumford's life -- with a YOUNG ACTOR who looks vaguely li Mumford playing him. IN MUMFORD'S APARTMENT the telephone is RINGING. Clearly, it's not the first time. Mumford, watching the show inten lifts the headset an inch from the cradle and then hangs When it immediately RINGS AGAIN, Mumford takes it off the hook, cuts off the call, and buries the headset under a s cushion. ON THE SHOW: scenes of tax investigation -- in the show's version the IRS guys have drawn guns and are storming hou are interspersed with scenes of sordid drug-taking.
115) 6) text: MUMFORD'S SISTER, the real thing, a plain, middle-aged We Virginia woman, appears in a "dramatic", badly-lit interv (As with all the interviewees, she is identified by a sup title.)
115) 8) text: A snapshot of some IRS-era party, happy revelers posing f a flash. Camera PUSHES IN on Mumford, smiling and high, h neck encircled by Gregory's arm. Candy is on the other si of Gregory. A shot of the Pennsylvania Turnpike as a State Police Cru zips by.
115) 20) text: Mumford, in his apartment, watches with real emotion. His sister's face DISSOLVES into a new snapshot of Mumfor dressed in an Orkin Exterminator uniform, as the MUSIC on the show comes up. A 1-800 telephone number appears acros the bottom of the frame.
116) 0) text: Mumford comes out to the rail and looks off over the town Mumford. WHAT HE SEES (or imagines he sees): all across the nights one window in every house is glowing blue with flickering light.
117) 0) text: MOVING IN on the porch steps. Mumford runs into the shot. fact, he's run the whole way from his place and he's out breath. He takes the porch steps three at a time, rings t doorbell, and waits. Mrs. Cook peeks out, then opens the front door, an especi sour look on her face. She speaks through the screen door
117) 2) dialog: Good evening, Mrs. Cook.
117) 4) dialog: Could I see Sofie, please?
117) 7) text: Mrs. Cook glances inside at the as-yet-unseen Sofie, then hisses at Mumford --
117) 11) dialog: What do you think I'm after, Mrs.  Cook?
117) 13) dialog: Well, I gotta say, Mrs. Cook, you're  right about that.
117) 17) text: Mr. Cook suddenly appears, takes Mrs. Cook by the arm and makes her vanish. Sofie and Mumford are left alone. She l at him through the screen.
117) 18) dialog: I guess you saw the show...?
117) 20) dialog: Sofie...
117) 22) dialog: You probably got the idea.
117) 25) text: Mumford knows.
117) 27) dialog: You're not the only one...
117) 30) dialog: Not me... all my other my patients.  I smelled tar and feathers on the  way over here.
117) 32) text: Mumford agrees. He watches her closely.
117) 34) text: Mumford immediately perks up. Sofie tries to correct --
117) 36) dialog: (grabbing at the thread) But...
117) 38) dialog: I know it! Please believe me, I know  that...
117) 39) text: Mumford steps closer to her.
117) 40) dialog: But, there is one... mitigating factor  I want you to consider before you  write me off.
117) 42) dialog: Will you think about it?
117) 44) dialog: I love you. More than I've ever loved  anyone or anything in my life.
117) 47) dialog: I want to spend the rest of my life  with you... but I'm not sure you  feel the same way.
117) 50) text: Mumford feels joy. Now, finally, he takes her in his arms
117) 52) dialog: Anything... just ask.
117) 54) text: As Mumford breaks into a huge grin, CUT TO:
118) 0) text: Mumford is at the defense table. Lionel is his lawyer. So Mr. Cook and Ben sit right behind the rail.
118) 2) text: Mumford and Lionel stand up.
118) 6) dialog: I do.
118) 10) dialog: Yes, your honor.
118) 12) dialog: Yes.
118) 15) dialog: I'm sorry, your honor.
118) 17) dialog: I'm sorry you're frustrated.
118) 19) dialog: No, sir. I was empathizing. Sorry.
118) 21) text: The judge slams down his gavel, stands up and stalks out. DEPUTY moves in to take custody of Mumford. Lionel stands and leans in --
118) 23) dialog: Thanks for your help, Lionel.
118) 24) text: Mumford turns to face the Cooks. Mr. Cook and Ben shake h hand like he's just won something. Lionel addresses them with his usual self-satisfaction --
118) 26) text: WE PUSH IN on Mumford and Sofie, who embrace.
118) 28) dialog: Will you wait for me?
118) 30) dialog: Will you be here?
118) 32) text: They kiss. The Deputy takes Mumford's arm, and we --
119) 0) text: Mumford is alone in the backseat, handcuffed to a metal  restraint. A lone COUNTY CORRECTIONAL OFFICER is up front driving. There's a heavy security screen divider between  front and back.
119) 2) dialog: I'm fine.
119) 4) dialog: No, not really.
119) 6) dialog: Not any more.
119) 7) text: They ride along in silence. At peace, Mumford watches the town go by. Finally --
119) 9) text: The Correctional Officer watches Mumford in the rear view mirror, waiting hopefully. Mumford ponders the question a long time, then gives a "what the hell" shrug.
119) 10) dialog: Go ahead.
120) 0) text: The State Correctional Sedan heads out of the business  district toward the highway, leaving the town of Mumford  behind. FADE OUT.