1) 246) dialog: Thievery! High theft against the Royal City of Nineveh! LuNT That's ridiculous!! CiTY OFFICIAL Oh, is it?!? He grabs Larry and spins him around. On his back is a small pack. The City O knife, and everyone gasps. He slits the bottom of Larry's mini-sized bags of Mister Twisty's Cheese Curls fall to t LarrY (panicked) No! Wait! I thought they were free samples!! CiTY OFFICIAL Take them away!! JoNAH You can't do that! The city official spins to Jonah. CiTY OFFICIAL I'm sorry... are you with these men? Jonah isn't sure how to answer. JoNAH Well, um... yes, I suppose... Jonah glances to the side to see a guard approaching him swiftly. Jonah (cont'd) Hello... What are you doing? Jonah's POV - the guard rears back, his fish flashes through the air toward And simultaneous BLACKOUT. Cut to: Ext. Nineveh market - latER Tight on Jonah's head - covered by a black bag. The bag is pulled off and the sunlight. Cut to Jonah's POV - a good sized crowd of Ninevites stands in a circle arou intently at him. JoNAH (encouraged) Oh! Wonderful! It must be time for my speech! Cut to bag coming off Pa Grape's head. He tries to move, but is tied tight. Pa GRAPE Hey! I can't move! Cut to bag off Lunt's head. He pulls against ropes! LuNT I can't move, either!! Cut to Larry, who's bag is off and who also can't move. Cut to Jonah, who looks down confused and realizes that he can't move eithe in his confusion and sees that... (LS Pa) Pa can't move because he's tied back-to-back with Lunt to the fron ominously hanging metal fish held up with a rope. This do Cut to Jonah's face - his eyes widen and his mouth falls. JoNAH [Gasp!] Cut back to LS pa on bulls-eye. Pa looks up and notices Jonah looking at hi face. Pa GRAPE What? Have I got somethin' on my face? Cut to Pa's face - he sees Jonah's situation. Cut to LS Jonah (Pa's POV) - also, in the same situation. Cut to Pa's face who echoes Jonah's reaction. pa GRAPE (cont'd) [Gasp!] Cut to Lund, who repeats this sequence by looking at Larry's situation. luNT [Gasp!] Cut to Larry, who repeats by looking at Lunt's situation. larry [Gasp!] Jonah This doesn't look good... Cut to Larry, who feels responsible. LarrY (on the verge of tears) I'm sorry guys! I thought they were free samples. They were right out there big bowl. Very misleading! Pa GRAPE Oh, don't go blamin' yourself! Lund is cranky with Pa. LuNT No... blame HIM! (gestures over shoulder to Pa) "Let's put it all in cheese curls," he says. "No," I say, "We need a BALANCED portfolio!" A little stock, a little bonds... A cash equivalents... And THEN maybe some snacks. But no. " cheese curls!" he says. (to Pa) Man, you gotta plan for the future! Pa GRAPE What? It got us here, didn't it?!? Everyone stares at Pa, confused. Pa realizes what they are thinking. Pa GRAPE (cont'd) (gestures around) Not "here" literally... But... (looks off mistily) We were somebody! We were celebrities! LunT (outraged) We are going to die! Lunt is interrupted by the City Official CiTY OFFICIAL People of Nineveh! These four men... (glances toward Khalil) ... and that small... whatever-it-is... KhALIL (indignant) I am a caterpillar!! (to self) Well, that is only half true... City OFFICIAL Have been found guilty of high thievery against the Royal City of Nineveh The crowd hisses. City OFFICIAL (cont'd) For their punishment... "The Slap of No Return!" The crowd looks quizzically at the fish poles, no sure what to make of th up at them, not sure whether to be frightened or not. The the lack of respect for his latest invention. Larry What's so funny? CiTY OFFICIAL Observe! The Pirates and Jonah look on as the City Official places a large pumpkin on a in from of the fifth fish pole. There is a hush as he wal anchored to a stake in the ground, raises a curved sword brings it down, severing the rope The fish falls, splattering the pumpkin to bits. Pumpkin hits Jonah's fac crowd starts cheering and the Pirates and Jonah start cry babies. All [No! Waaaaaaaaah! Etc.] Cut to Khalil, who is tied with string to the backside of Jonah. He can't se KhALIL (confused) What is happening that is making you all cry like little babies?!? Jonah yells over the commotion JoNAH Why on earth do you take snack food so SERIOUSLY?!? The city official turns to answer, but it interrupted by a trumpet fanfare. crowd. CiTY OFFICIAL People of Nineveh! I give you... King Twistomer!! More trumpet fanfare... Camera pans up the building facing the "condem balcony several stories overhead. 2 attendants stand on e balcony. From the shadows between them emerges King Twist from "Hi Silk Hat" - with Goliath's voice) a very large, grumpy-looking gourd, with more than a passing resemblanc slimmer pitchman Jonah has seen on several snack bags and Pirates' jaws drop. Pa GRAPE It's "Mister Twisty" JoNAH Well, that explains it! Lunt and Larry squint up at the gourd. LarRY He looks happier on the bag. CiTY OFFICIAL (to King) Your royal gourdliness... These are the perpetrators of the heinous of cheese! King Twistomer scowls. CiTY OFFICIAL (cont'd) For their punishment... "The Slap of No Return!" A rise from the crowd. King Twistomer smiles. King twistomer Proceed. The city official spins with his sword. Jonah's eyes widen. JoNAH Wait! (to King) Won't you at least give the guilty parties the chance to speak in their own The City Official looks up to the king, who ponders. KinG TWISTOMER You may speak. The sword is lowered. Jonah relaxes a bit. JoNAH Well... As I understand it, the snacks in question were right out in t bowl!! (pleading to crowd) I think we'll all agree this was somewhat misleading... (looks for support) Don't you think? The city official glances to the king. The king ponders... softening... nod down to the city official. KinG TWISTOMER Slap them. Again the sword flashes high in the air. Jonah panics! The Pirates start Jonah no desperately appeals directly to the City Officia JoNAH No! You don't understand! I'm not REALLY with them... I mean... How cou were taking the tour, I was in the belly of a whale!! The City Official freezes - the sword jerking in his hand. The crowd around some. The Official looks up to Jonah quizzically. CiTY OFFICIAL What... did you... say? JoNAH (not really noticing the reaction) I said while they were on the tour... I was in the belly of a whale!! The crowd GASPS. The Official steps back - clearly shaken. CiTY OFFICIAL (shocked) But... You are not dead! JoNAH No! That's just it! I was in the whale for 3 days and nights! Then I prayed t great monster spit me up onto the shore... So that I coul message. The official is shaken... The crowd whispers among themselves. The king's narrow. He approaches the edge of the balcony. King TWISTOMER Hmm... Asparagus... Here in Nineveh we bow to the Great Fish... We celebrate art... Jonah looks around at the whale images on buildings and the large metal fish head. JoNAH Yes, I noticed... King TWISTOMER If what you are saying is true... The King ponders for a moment. The Official steps up and responds... CiTY OFFICIAL Yes... How do we know if he is telling the truth, sire? King TWISTOMER (to Official) Smell him. CiTY OFFICIAL (confused) Y-your highness? King TWISTOMER Smell him. The Official awkwardly approaches Jonah, and takes a big whiff. Jonah stagers back, reeling... Barely able to stay on his feet. JoNAH (apologetic) I'm... terribly sorry... I've been meaning to shower... The King's eyes widen. King TWISTOMER He has been in the Great Fish. We must hear the message. This is so unexpected that Jonah isn't sure what to do next. JoNAH What? Oh...the message... Yes... Jonah thinks - but it has been so long he has a hard time remembering what h As he stammers, Khalil shakes his head in disbelief. JoNAH (cont'd) ...the message... What was the message? KhALIL Com'on! JoNAH (to King) It's been so long... I... (to himself) Oh! Yes Ahem... (collects himself) Stop it!! The crowd gasps and recoils. The King's eyes widen. JoNAH Stop cheating! Stop lying! And especially, stop slapping people with fishes!! will be destroyed!! Jonah looks around dramatically. The crowd shudders... The King looks concer is smiling contentedly. JoNAH (cont'd) A message from the Lord! Pa nARRATOR Well, the King was very upset! He had no idea they weren't suppose to do tha ever told him that before! A decree is handed to the city official. CiTY OFFICIAL A decree from the King! Let everyone call urgently to God. Let them give up their violence. Perhaps the God that brought this man out will give us... a second chance! Score swells... Crowd erupts... Everyone smiles. Jonah looks around, tugg King TWISTOMER And let the asparagus and his friends go free! They are all untied and congratulated by the crowd. Happy, happy.