32) 6) dialog: {tosses it home} Coach, they puttin’ down any grass this year?
41) 0) text: A few minutes from the start of practice...and the boys a goofing off. Joe David tosses a wild pitch from the mound wild enough that Wack almost has to jump to swing at it.
41) 2) dialog: Locker room. Somethin’ to do with only havin’ one shoe. Jimmy waves for the ball from Joel.
45) 4) dialog: We got three more months of this. (CONTINUED)
46) 2) dialog: How to get a hold of Bo’‘s Tire Barn. A slight ripple of uneasy laughter. Jimmy doesn’t have to look to know there's a telephone number on the board He's losing them.
46) 30) dialog: Not. many science teachers throw like you. . Jimmy hesitates, sighs... *
63) 0) text: A ground ball is hit toward Wack. He knocks it down, scrambles and tosses the ball to second for the force out Joe David tosses the ball back to Wack and he silently pu his fist...their first win so close.
66) 0) text: The season continues, the Owls’ now dressed in their home whites. The grass is coming in, still light in spots. Mor fans are in the bleachers The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 5 OWLS 9 A ground ball is struck toward second base. Rudy catches cleanly and throws a perfect relay to Wack, who brushes h foot against second base and tosses the ball to first Joe David raises his arms in celebration and the players off the field...victorious again. rae 56a o ur @ as EXT. BIG LAKE BASEBALL FIELD - (GAME 5} DAY More fans, more grass. Joel’s bat connects... 87 88 89 57
67) 0) text: Joaquin's bat connects...Joe David‘s...Rudy’s...player af player crushes the ball. The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 3 OWLS 14
67) 1) text: The stands are nearly full, the grass is thickening. Joel throws a perfect toss to cut down an opposing runner tryi to steal. Wack makes the tag and the umpire calls him out Players go around the horn ~- Wack to Joe David to Miguel Ernest and back to Rudy. Confident faces everywhere The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 4 OWLS 20
76) 0) text: A series of sparkling plays as the game draws on, and wit each play the contest grows more intense: 1) The Owl third baseman (ERNEST) fields a hot grounder a throws the ball to Joe David for an out. 2) An Owl player (MIGUEL) hits a shot toward the opposing shortstop who stabs the ball 3) An opposing player hits a high pop-up. Joe David waves off several Owl players to make the catch 4) Rudy, on the mound, checks an opposing runner's lead-o from second base. Joel gives a signal which Wack and Miguel(2nd baseman) catch. Neither covers the bag MATT (the Owl center-fielder) sneaks up behind the runner and takes the pick-off throw from Rudy, catching the opposing runner unawares 5S) A bloop fly into right field sends Owls scurrying to and snag it. The Owl right-fielder barely misses a collis to make a diving catch and toss to Joel (covering first) double up an opposing runner. 6) A long fly ball sails close to the fence, but Matt, th Qwl center-fielder catches it over his shoulder 7) One after another opposing players strike out as Rudy gives his all on the mound. 8) One by one the Owls strike out as the Opposing pitcher finds his groove. And then -- 9) An Owl player hits the ball hard and makes it to third base. 4 triple. 10) Rudy, at the plate, takes a sign from Jimmy and steel himself for his at-bat (CONTINUED)
78) 0) text: The celebration has moved into the locker room. The playe clap and watch Joe David dance. Jimmy watches with * satisfaction, leaning against a nearby wall. Rudy stands on a bench and calls for quiet. *
99) 1) text: si 124 125 Joaquin, Joe David, Rudy and Joel are close to finishing their burgers. Jimmy sits across the table.
99) 7) dialog: So what? You're a teacher That's what you get paid anyway
142) 0) text: Joel, Wack, Rudy and Joe David huddle around one of the school computers, listening.
149) 0) text: Joe David's car pulls into the parking lot. The boys pile out
149) 12) dialog: You try askin’ people to drive four hours on a football night. Waste of time man.
153) 0) text: Joaquin, Joe David, Joel and Rudy lean against their cars silence There are only five cars waiting to make the trip.