39) 24) text: By now she has picked up all the clothes, including his socks and underpants, and hands them to him without a word. He takes them, also without speaking, gazes at her for a moment longer than strictly necessary and then runs off. Frau Seeband picks up the bags and goes back into the house. INT. SEEBAND’S VILLA - ENTRANCE - CONTINUOUS As Frau Seeband walks back into the house her husband is coming down the stairs. She gives no indication of what has happened.
39) 25) dialog: Elisabeth?
39) 27) dialog: Yes, young people... It sounds more wistful than disapproving.
40) 16) dialog: (calls back) That was quick. 62 She comes down the stairs looking very elegant: it's obvious where Ellie got her fashion sense. Kurt gets to his feet almost reluctantly, hardly daring to meet her eye. She slows down briefly when she recognizes him but then walks on.
40) 17) dialog: That really was quick. She extends her hand, and he shakes it is shyly as a schoolboy.
40) 19) dialog: What is your profession?
40) 21) dialog: Fashion.
40) 23) dialog: Painting... Her intonation is almost dreamy, and so gentle that he finally looks up. We hear a door being opened upstairs, and then a man's footsteps walking toward the stairs.
40) 25) dialog: (calls up, still gazing at Kurt) Carl, there's a tenant for one of the rooms. Do come down for a moment. Seeband comes down the stairs, his every movement precise, wearing reading glasses and holding an open file. He gazes at Kurt. Kurt looks straight back at him. 63 Seeband’s POV: Kurt's face, the lower lip twitching very slightly. Kurt's POV: Seeband narrows his eyes in professional scrutiny. When Seeband has reached the bottom of the stairs he crosses to Kurt and stands directly facing him.
40) 28) dialog: (to Frau Hellthaler) Would you be so kind and take this up to the office? Then my husband can have a few words with... the tenant. Frau Hellthaler complies.
40) 29) dialog: (to Kurt) My husband is a doctor; it is his passion. That means occasionally one gets a free diagnosis.
40) 31) dialog: (to her husband) Kurt comes with the best recommendations. (Kurt looks astonished) We have already agreed on the rent. But of course it's your decision whether he gets the room or not. Seeband gazes at Kurt: he doesn't like the way the young man looks straight at him. 64
41) 21) dialog: What??
41) 23) dialog: My God, she's still a child herself!
41) 25) dialog: Who could it be? He gives her a look which says: "Spare me the games".
41) 27) dialog: But how?
44) 12) dialog: 82 90. 91. Looks like that plan didn't work either. They are closer than ever.
46) 2) dialog: (to Kurt) Are you thinking about your mother? Kurt shakes his head.
46) 3) dialog: I'm sorry he didn't invite her. Seeband, the Robert Koch medal still pinned to his lapel, taps his wine glass without getting to his feet; he doesn't want to attract too much attention.