90) 2) dialog: Sadly, we are gathered here today to say farewell to our son, our brother and friend Cameron Van Huessen who, by his own making, last night fell prey to Satan’s wishes, falling farther away from God. (beat) But, the Heavenly Father in the wisdom of his mercy hasn't had his last word on this boy’s soul - Jared watches as -- -- Music starts drowning out the ‘service.’ The beatific Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven. ----- as it plays, we see ----- Various images in slow motion to the music. - Cameron wraps himself in his big arms and folds over. S attends him, holding him in place. - Cameron's sisters hug each other. - The bald Minister opens the coffin as Cameron is led th by Sykes and Rev. Neil. A pantomime where the message is clear. Does Cameron want to DIE or BE REBORN. 85A. - Cameron shakes his head fervently. He doesn't want to d 86. - They crowd around Cameron, offering an ultimatum. He no his head, still in tears, fully submitting. - Sykes gestures to Aaron and Michael who rip the black material off the walls letting the light in. - Cameron kneels, eyes shut, hands up, surrendering himse Rev. Neil places a hand on Cameron's head. In a wild, jol gesture he PUSHES to CAST the demons out. - Others join him, doing the same. - Cameron's Father pushes Cameron's head aggressively. Cameron falls backwards to the ground. - Cameron's brother is handed a bible. He strikes Cameron with it. Cameron's anguished face as he rolls over, tears streaming. - Various people are encouraged to strike Cameron with bi and other books. Harder and harder they strike. - Later: Cameron vomits in a trash can held by Brandon. R Neil brings him back to his knees. - Jon is handed a bible. He stands, Jared watching him. - Jon strikes Cameron with the bible. - Cameron stands with the help of those around him. His sisters are close. The music carries through - EXT. DRIVEWAY/STREETS — LATER - Cameron walks the street, propped up by his father and others. The full congregation snakes behind. Jared is right up the back. Sarah near him. They share a look. - They walk up the path toward a house: New Hope House. T Men’s ‘long stay’ house we have been hearing of. Follow i