65) 30) dialog: We are happy to have anything to eat, Madam.
65) 32) dialog: (nervously) No, Madam. She looks to Urie. He shakes his head.
92) 0) text: James - wiped clean, fast asleep - is being swaddled.
99) 0) text: The hooded men place the barrels in the center of the cel their work lit by a single lantern. One of them opens one the barrels and scoops a pile of dark powder into his han Begins to lay a trail of the powder back toward the door. INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - CELLAR - NIGHT At the cellar’s entrance one of the hooded figures lowers candle and lights the trail of powder. It begins to burn towards the barrel as the men hastily exit. 93. INT. HOLYROOD - QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER —- EVENING THREE YEAR OLD JAMES plays in the ashes of the fireplace. INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT A half-dressed Darnley and a naked YOUNG MAN seated at a table, both drunk. They reach for the bottle at the same time, knocking the bottle off the table and breaking a gl
100) 0) text: JAMES finds a DEAD BIRD in the ashes of the fire grate an reaches towards it. INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT Darnley tries to pick up the glass but cuts himself in th process. Winces in pain. Looks for a piece of cloth to wr his finger in.
101) 0) text: Mary hurries over to James and lifts him up and away from carrion. Rubs his hands clean with the hem of her dress. INT. DARNLEY’S HOUSE - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT Darnley is wrapping his finger with his shirt tail, tryin stem the blood he bends down to pick up the bottle when-- BOOM with a FLASH that fills the screen, an explosion roc the room. Darnley and the naked YOUNG MAN is hit by the b of the explosion. A tapestry is blown from the wall acros the room, onto Darnley bending over on the floor.
102) 0) text: Mary bolts up in bed, awakened from the sound. The Four M are stirred awake too. James is standing in his crib, cry
105) 0) text: Mary is sitting at one of the tables, cradling James, who fast asleep. The Four Marys are with her. There are half dozen Guards in the room. Bothwell enters. He sits down across from her. Gently-- 94.
106) 0) text: The sky gray with pre-dawn light. Mary’s final few trunks being loaded onto a wagon. Mary is kneeling before James, holding his hands to help him stand. Seton awaits on a ho Bothwell is with them. She’s saying good-bye, and it’s ha
114) 0) text: James - five years old now - is running forward, much mor able on his feet than when we saw him last. He’s darting toward something he sees on the cobblestones. Seton is following him at a leisurely pace several yards behind. James arrives at his destination and crouches down - it’s musket ball wedged between two cobblestones. He picks it and stares at it, fascinated. He starts to lick the muske ball. Seton scurries forward.
114) 2) dialog: Francais?
114) 5) dialog: Soldat.
114) 7) dialog: What is soldiers?
114) 9) dialog: Fight what?
119) 0) text: A CONTINUATION of Scene 161. On James looking at the gate Moray enters on horseback, flanked by two CALVARYMEN also horseback. He is muddy from the battle. Sees the troops mustering. All activity stops and they stand at attention he slowly rides in. To a CAPTAIN overseeing the Quarterma
119) 2) dialog: (in French) Where is maman? He crouches down to eye-level with James. Places his hand over the child’s heart.
131) 0) text: On James, tears welling in his eyes as he looks out over valley... 116.
135) 0) text: James, in full regal attire, sitting on Elizabeth’s thron crown atop his head, scepter in hand, staring straight in the camera--