6) 6) dialog: What the hell, Maudy.
6) 7) text: Seeing Maudy's stunned face, Alex and James turn to see Lestat perched like a raven on top of the stack of speakers, eyes closed, still humming to the fading reverb of the guitars. Slowly opening his cool grey eyes --
6) 11) text: James and Alex look at the door on the other side of the attic -- they should have seen him. Maudy stares at Lestat, quite taken by the handsome vampire's looks -- Drinking Maudy in with his eyes --
6) 13) dialog: Who the hell are you?
6) 25) dialog: (terrified) What the hell is this?
6) 29) text: Maudy and Alex look at each other getting used to it. They break into smiles, going with it.
8) 2) text: Girls press their breasts and necks up against the limousine. Thump! Thump! Fan after female fan flings herself on the car. Groupies scream with pure excitement. Confusion of screams as the door to the limo opens. The crowd's scream reaches a fever pitch as... James, Alex and Maudy climb out, ogle at the sight. ROGER SMYTHE, their business manager (40s), gets out next, hustling them through the crowd. A wave of hysteria hits the fans. Roger hustles the band through the crowd and up the stairs into the church, past the giant billboard with their own images written huge, Lestat's smiling face above them all and the announcement -- LESTAT -- LIVE &amp; UNDEAD -- OCTOBER 31, ALL HALLOW'S E DEATH VALLEY, U.S.A.
30) 0) text: James, Alex, and Maudy "whoop" with excitement.
30) 10) dialog: Think we can call that a night.
30) 11) text: Unhooking their instruments, Alex and James start to pack up as Maudy slowly approaches Lestat and nuzzles his neck. He shivers with temptation. Her hand moves down the front of his pants. Lestat pulls her into his arms. Leaning into her neck he breathes in her scent, closes his eyes and... Suddenly opens them right at Roger who looks on, extremely perturbed. Smiling like the devil...
86) 0) text: Backstage is all abuzz with pre-show energy; press everywhere. Roger still worrying and sweating. James, Alex and Maudy sit in their own circle, jamming with their unplugged instruments, psyching themselves up for the biggest night of their lives.
88) 5) text: Alex, Maudy and James start beating out the rhythm with the crowd as they move through backstage. The DRUM BEATS RISE to a CRESCENDO.
89) 14) text: The vampires move through the crowd. Goth girls in the front row, weeping... Maudy, James and Alex off in the clouds, playing the best music of their lives. The place has gone wild, living off its own energy now as waves of sound bounce through the valley band up into the night sky.