0) 3) text: INT. APARTMENT - WORKROOM — THAT MOMENT cyril enters, turns the lights on, This room has been con into a workspace/fitting room to make clothes. Two long w tables, sewing machines, fabrics, flat overhead lighting, curtains drawn over windows. A mini-atelier. Slowly, over the next few minutes, the staff come in and for a day’s work. The staff in the House Of Woodcock is l Cyril, two women NANA & BIDDY (408) head sewers. There’s older woman named ELSA (60s) who never speaks and an awkw looking girl named IRMA (20s) who works beneath her and s less. Two other hands, PIPPA & WINN (30s) Various other Hands brings the total staff to around 15/20. cur To: INT. BREAKFAST. Breakfast for Reynolds is taken in the kitchen, which is bottom floor. Carrot juice and sausages. Cyril enters, Reynolds, “my old so & so — good morning” and they eat in perfect harmony, quietly, with small words here and there Reynolds looks over sketches, newspapers, Cyril over mail book keeping, sketches. Reynolds's current live-in lady friend is JOHANNA (30s) S the shape of a fashion model, long and lovely, but she lo tired and sad; she presents him some fresh biscuits.
3) 118) dialog: You're burning up.
3) 121) text: He is stopped by Nana & Biddy.they push him out of the wa He heads out of the room -- Alma follows him out -- ANGLE, STAIRWELL. He heads upstairs, to his bedroom, Alma behind him.. He slams the door shut to his room. Alma stands outside.. hear the sound of heaving, very very faint. She enters the bedroom door, crosses to the bathroom, lis the door. le stops heaving.
4) 7) dialog: Mr. Woodcock seems to be ill.
4) 9) dialog: Mr. Woodcock. he's fallen down and he's damaged the dress.
4) 11) dialog: Mr. Woodcock.
4) 13) dialog: There’s water damage to the skirt on the front two panels. There's a lace tear on the bodice and there’s shoe polish stains. 56
4) 15) dialog: From his shoe.
4) 17) dialog: He's gone to his room. I think to be sick. There’s a terrivle noise coming from there.
4) 19) dialog: We have to start over.