0) 4) dialog: Doctor Schaefer...
0) 5) text: There is, of course, no response. A terrible suspicion en Nurse Perez's mind, and she closes her eyes and sighs a l shuddering sigh. Then she opens her eyes and, with a seco and briefer sigh, reaches for Schaefer's neck to take his pulse. Clearly, the result is not encouraging. She sighs  another short sigh and regards Schaefer's unblinking, dil pupils. It's all a bit too much for her; she shuffles to window and stares out into the gray morning where things a little more comprehensible. Once again, she returns to bed, regards Schaefer's death mask. She raises the bedshe and, for one short but appreciative moment, considers  Schaefer's naked body. She lets the bedsheet carefully do She sighs again.
0) 6) dialog: (trying again, with  little hope) Doctor Schaefer?
0) 10) dialog: Listen, did you know Doctor Schaefer  was in Eight-O-Six, because he's  dead?
0) 12) dialog: I'm just telling you, Dr. Schaefer  is dead.
0) 14) dialog: Look, I don't know what the hell  this is all about, but Dr. Schaefer  is in Room 806 with an I.V. running  and he's dead. I didn't even know he  was sick.
0) 16) dialog: Well, maybe I'm going crazy. I don't  know. Isn't Room 806 the patient  Guernsey? I mean, did something happen  I don't know about?
0) 18) dialog: This is the nuttiest thing I ever  saw. Dr. Schaefer's in Room 806 dead.
0) 20) dialog: Our Dr. Schaefer. The one who's always  grabbing everybody's ass.
0) 22) dialog: I mean, he's lying on the far bed,  stone dead, and with an I.V. tube  sticking out of him. And if you don't  believe me, maybe you just ought to  get up and look for yourself.
0) 23) text: With a short, irritable sigh, Mrs. Reardon abandons her  paperwork and heads down the west corridor, followed by N Perez and Rivers. CAMERA TRACKS as Mrs. Reardon turns to  Nurse Rivers.
0) 64) text: Bock lumbers off for the west corridor through a press of activity. Kitchen workers trundle creaking portable carts nurse's aids and attendants pop in and out of doorways be trays and used dishes. A robed patient or two ambulates a the hall. Morning rounds have just started, which means a clump of white-jacketed, white-trousered young doctors ar gathered in a gaggle at the far end. The group includes s resident MONROE BRUBAKER, junior resident HARVEY BIEGELMA interns SAM CHANDLER and IRVING AMBLER and another medica student, all lounging outside a door discussing the condi of the patient within. Chandler is presenting the case from a handful of notecar in his hand. The others lean against the walls, listening They wear shirts and ties with the exception of Ambler, w is new to the floor and still in the canonical white tuni under his jacket. They are all in their twenties and have swinger sideburns and occasional mustaches. When he spots Dr. Bock, senior resident Brubaker turns the rounds over Biegelman and joins Bock just outside 806.
0) 174) dialog: (on phone) Give me that one again... thirty- two?
0) 177) text: ...and in the other room, a man in his thirties is being  treated for some sort of head lacerations. In one treatme room, the Chief of Emergency Service, DR. SPEZIO, a man i his late thirties, along with an intern, an anesthesiolog and a nurse, is bent over a naked and comatose young blac woman of eighteen, covered somewhat with a sheet. She's a junkie, being intubated, i.e. a small endotracheal tube h been inserted into her mouth. This is the most melodramat of the varied activity here. A middle-aged man complaining of chest pains is lying clo in another treatment room; a nurse attends him. An asthmatic middle-aged woman sits in still another room being administered her 500 mg. of amenophylene subcutaneo The curtains on another room are drawn for privacy. On ch in the corner sit a teenage boy with a badly sprained ank and an elderly man bathing his hand in an enamel basin he in his lap. A young mother with a five-year-old daughter with a badly cut arm is being attended to by the back wall. The Emerge Room Nursing Supervisor, MISS ARONOVICI, a pretty woman i her mid-twenties, is sterilizing the little girl's wound. Mrs. Cushing makes her way to Miss Aronovici. They detest each other.
0) 185) text: There are now three nurses behind the desk, all of them o phones. One nurse calls to Dr. Spezio.
0) 186) dialog: O.P.D. wants to know how that  asthmatic they sent down is.
0) 210) dialog: (enters for some chore) Will you leave that man alone?
0) 217) text: Mrs. Cushing stares at the patient. He is not breathing.  Behind her, the nurse exits carrying whatever she came fo Mrs. Cushing turns to her, but she is gone. Frowning, Mrs Cushing backs out... ...as Dr. Spezio and others come down the corridor.
0) 223) text: He moves quickly forward to raise the dead man's eyelid.  Behind him, a nurse enters. He wheels on her angrily.
0) 270) dialog: That would be Dr. Brubaker. But I'm  afraid he's at Chief of Service rounds  right now.
0) 273) text: The nurse nods indifferently. ACROSS to Bock coming out of the TV room, followed by som dozen young doctors. Bock is in very good spirits indeed. quizzes his young doctors en route:
0) 337) text: The elevator door opens. A couple of nurses come out. Boc strides in.
0) 380) text: Mrs. Dunne nods. Nurse Devine makes her way silently down the sleeping doors to...
0) 383) text: Mead sleeps on. Expressionlessly, Nurse Devine extracts M right arm from under the sheets, wets a swab with alcohol and rubs down the vein. The needle slides into Mead's vei OVER THIS, we begin to hear a distant sibilant HISSING,  indistinct like the leakage of a bad heart. There is also occasional distinctly human but not quite civilized sound CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY to Nurse Devine withdrawing the  needle, looking up, for she too has heard the soft, stran sounds. They emanate from behind the curtains of the othe bed. Nurse Devine returns the syringe to the tray, gather her things and pads silently around Mead's bed to Drummon bed. With her free hand, she opens the curtains a little stares in.
0) 396) text: Mrs. Dunne, annoyed, gets up and heads for the west corri followed by Nurse Devine and by an intrigued Dr. Bock at few paces behind.
0) 413) text: Nurse Weitzenbaum opens the door of the room and peeks in At the stairway exit, Bock pauses to look back at all the women in front of Room 806.
0) 490) text: He rises, picks up the second container and white dress f the chair. She reaches out an arm for the coffee. Bock ho up -- a nurse's uniform.
0) 594) dialog: Dr. Norris says about half an hour.
0) 596) text: The THIRD NURSE leans back into the Supervisor's Office t relay this information.
0) 605) text: Indeed, a stretcher is being wheeled out of the Holding R The patient is sedated and covered. As the orderly wheels her past CAMERA, we may recognize the pale, sleeping prof of Miss Campanella, the nurse who had been coshed with a  sandbag not many scenes ago. A CIRCULATING NURSE comes th the glass doors, examines the chart dangling from the  stretcher.
0) 632) text: The scrub nurse is applying electrode paste to the  defibrillators. Dr. Mallory yanks the sheets and hospital shirt off the patient and begins very rigorous massage of the exposed ribs; we can hear one rib crack.
0) 663) dialog: Yeah.
0) 677) text: They gather in anticipation outside O.R. Three and peer o each other's shoulders into the room where the operating  crew is hunched over the open-heart massage. The masked  circulating nurse looks up, notices the audience at the d and gives a hopeless shrug.
0) 739) text: Elevator doors open. A nurse and visitor get out. Bock an Lagerman go into...
0) 765) text: The old man sits back, wheezing a little. Nurse Chile smi nicely at him and takes her leave. For a moment, Drummond lies rigidly on his bed, staring dully into the air and t old man sits with his hunched back to us. The room is sil except for his rheumy wheeze.
0) 785) text: ACROSS Drummond to the now empty other bed. All the light are on. PAN on Nurse Penny Canduso and an orderly wheelin away the wrapped body of Guernsey. Intern Schaefer, at th door, considers the empty bed with interest. Moving to th bedtable, he picks up the receiver of the phone.
0) 807) text: PAN SLOWLY across the Emergency Room to catch its state o contained febrility. Every curtained treatment room is  occupied, including the storage room in the back. The tri nurse and a second nurse behind the desk are busy on the  phones. The triage nurse takes the history of the first i line of five people seeking admission even as she answers her phone. We watch Miss Aronovici and the other nurse and Dr. Spezi and his two interns, the two attendants -- all busy with patient or another.
0) 817) text: They hurry into the Admitting Room past a nurse and into  the...
0) 855) text: A nurse's aid, a bathrobed patient and two of his visitor stroll by. It's the end of the lunch hour, when the kitch workers bring used trays back.
0) 857) text: Bock moves past Mrs. Donovan and into the pharmacy where see him scouring the shelves for thorazine and a syringe. elevator arrives, disgorging Milton Mead and his resident assistant, Thomas Hitchcock and, of all people, Dr. Richa Welbeck himself. Barbara and Dr. Biegelman go into the  elevator. The doors close. Milton Mead and Hitchcock head for the west corridor. Welbeck, in his natty double-breas suit and carrying his cashmere coat, heads straight for t Nurses' Station.
0) 897) text: They reach an open elevator. Mead goes in, the doors clos The doors of a second elevator then open, and Barbara com out. She and Bock stare at each other. In background, Wel is on the phone at the Nurses' Station.
0) 902) text: REVERSE ACROSS Welbeck on phone at Nurses' Station. In th background, Bock and Barbara stare at him.
0) 937) text: Barbara strips off her coat. She is still in nurse's unif She leans into the hall and calls a passing nurse.
0) 946) text: William Mead, of course, is still huddled under his sheet He peers out from under his covers in wide-eyed disbelief and ducks under again. Bock massages Welbeck's heart. Bar continues mouth-to-mouth. Nurse Felicia Chile hurries in, pushing the emergency cart before her.
0) 949) text: Nurse Chile has shunted the emergency cart aside to let t bed out and is extracting an ambu bag and tube from the c lower shelf.
0) 952) text: Nurse Chile hands the Berman airway and ambu bag to Barba who inserts the airway and the ambu tube into Welbeck's m and pumps in air by hand. Bock massages away.
0) 992) text: Welbeck's body is finally on the max cart. Nurses and doc converge on him. Dr. Loomis sets about intubating Welbeck and the Nursing Supervisor begins clamping the metal band of the E.K.G. machine on each of Welbeck's extremities. While all this goes on, Bock and Barbara have picked up t remnants of Welbeck's jacket, trousers, shirt and underwe Dr. Morse is squatting by the max-cart reading the E.K.G. script as it rolls slowly out of the cart.
0) 994) text: The Nursing Supervisor starts applying electrode paste to the defibrillating paddles. Another nurse measures off an ampule of bicarbonate of soda which Dr. Loomis injects in the I.V. tube.
0) 997) dialog: (off-screen) That's two hundred.
0) 1027) text: Others in the troop shout reassurances, but it doesn't re reassure anybody. The lady in the gift shop closes her do and locks up. People crowd in a solid block in the doorwa to the coffee shop to see what's going on. From the long tunnels of corridors, nurses, doctors,  administrative personnel pause in their chores and errand and missions to watch the tide of events in the lobby.