1) 54) text: Mrs. Salazar is now marching with the men. She is still crocheting. Her expression of calm determination is unchanging.
1) 182) text: Now you know that ain't no way to talk to a white man. EXT., ROAD, NEAR PICKET POST. MEDIUM LONG SHOT. We can see Mrs. Salazar and several other women running t meet Esperanza. A couple of pickets follow along. Mrs. Salazar shouts back at them in Spanish:
1) 183) dialog: Go back and get a blanket, you idiots! So we can carry her! INT., SHERIFF'S CAR. MEDIUM FULL SHOT. Ramуn sits tense now, awaiting the next blow. A trickle o blood runs down his chin. The two deputies in front sit like wax dummies, paying no attention to what is going on in back.
2) 7) dialog: We can't get her home ... there isn't time. Take her inside ... INT., SHERIFF'S CAR. CLOSE SHOT. Ramуn is doubled up, his head between his legs. Vance pul him erect.
3) 223) text: horn blowing, speeding directly at them, looming bigger, closer. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. At the last split second, Barton jams on his brakes, and the car skids. The women have not moved. CLOSE SHOT: WOMEN AND CAR. The car skids into the picket line. A woman is swiped by the front fender, flung on to the road. FULL SHOT: THE PICKET LINE. We hear a collective gasp from the women. Then they screa Two women run to their injured sister. The others swarm around the car. The deputies are trying to get the doors open. The women begin to rock the car. Finally the deputi manage to get out. They flail the women with their fists, their gun stocks. But there are four women to each deputy and they cling to the men, grabbing at their weapons. MEDIUM SHOT: THE FIRST TRUCK. The Anglo scabs standing in the back of the truck react i fear and consternation. But they stay where they are. MEDIUM LONG SHOT: MINERS ON HILLSIDE. A group of them start coming down the hill. We can see Charley and Frank gesturing, trying to restrain them -- b the miners come on. BACK TO THE PICKET POST. Vance kicks out at woman who is trying to tear off his cartridge-belt, sends her sprawling. He backs off, panic-stricken, and fires a tear gas shell into a mass of women pickets. The exploding shell disperses them momentarily. The women fan out, coughing and choking. THE PICKET POST, SHOOTING FROM HILL ABOVE. At Mrs. Salazar's command, the women form into two platoo the larger group remains on the road, blocking the convoy despite the fact that other deputies open fire with tear gas; but another line has formed at the side of the road, facing the miners bent on entering the fray. CLOSER ANGLE: THE SECOND PICKET LINE. As the miners coming down the slope reach the road, Mrs. Salazar waves them back angrily, yells in Spanish:
3) 224) dialog: Get back! Get back! Stay out of this!
5) 196) text: The sheriff's convoy is drawn up outside a row of company houses. We can see deputies milling about in the front ya of one of the cottages, and a cluster of women watching them from outside the fence. EXT., COTTAGE: CLOSER ANGLE. It is the Quintero place. The Sheriff stands in the front yard, directing operations. His deputies are lugging furniture out of the house. They dump it in the yard or a the side of the road. Several of them emerge from the fro door with the Quinteros' bed. Esperanza, Luz and a dozen other women silently watch the eviction from outside the fence. Mrs. Salazar is there with a bevy of kids (includi Juanito whom she holds in her arms). The only man present is the parish priest. EXT., MAIN ROAD, ZINC TOWN. LONG PANNING SHOT. We pick up Jenkins' car loaded with the stand-by squad roaring toward the housing area. The car passes the store the church, the school. As the car comes into f.g., and moves on out of scene, CAMERA HOLDS on the school playground. In the distance we see Luнs beckoning to a number of his companions. The boys set off at a run up th road.
5) 210) text: Now we can all fight together -- all of us. Suddenly he draws Esperanza close, whispers something in her ear. She nods, turns swiftly to several other women, huddles with them a moment. CAMERA PANS with the women as they enter the yard, swooping down to pick up household belongings on their wa EXT., FRONT YARD. FULL SHOT. Other women, seeing what Esperanza and her sisters are up to, swiftly join them in the yard, begin to pick up furniture and carry it back into the house by way of the rear door. Deputies emerging from the house, loaded down with furniture and bric-a-brac, find themselves passing women loaded with objects they have just deposited in the yard. One of the deputies stops in close f.g., staring at the women in slack-jawed bafflement. Ramуn glances at Mrs Salazar. He winks. Mrs. Salazar smiles. It is the first time we have seen her smile. BACK TO YARD, FEATURING SHERIFF. His deputies are hopelessly dispersed. Half of them are chasing the boys, while the furniture-moving contingent i out-numbered by women crowding into the yard. The Sheriff wheels right and left in helpless exasperation. He spots Ramуn near the front fence, strides over to him.
5) 231) text: For the present. BACK TO QUINTERO YARD. FULL SHOT. Part of the milling throng has already dispersed; those w remain are carrying the last of the Quinteros' possession back into the house. We see Luнs jump the fence and run toward his mother in f.g. She gives him a fierce hug. MEDIUM SHOTS AT FRONT GATE. Ramуn approaches Mrs. Salazar. He takes the baby from her arms. Estella enters the gate, dragging the portrait of Juбrez. Solemnly she lifts up the portrait. Ramуn takes it. He walks back toward the porch, Estella at his side. THE YARD, SWOOPING FROM THE PORCH. Esperanza and Luнs stand on the porch steps in f.g. Reaching them, Ramуn turns, looks back at his friends, some of whom are still in the yard. They seem to be waiting for him to speak.