16) 30) dialog: ends the shriek, shockwaves reverberating. Her face insta composed. She smiles.
20) 0) text: Sunhill watches him through the slats of the privacy fenc Behind her, Brenner has a penlight trained on the police barring the kitchen entry. He takes out a screwdriver, st prying the lock on the sliding glass door. INT. BASEMENT - CAMPBELL’S TOWNHOUSE - NIGHT The penlight glares. They stand before the open broom clo the camcorder illuminated. Brenner slides the camera off the shelf. He opens it and both look down at the film cassette still inside. He hand to Sunhill, uses his penlight to probe the hole where the met the wall. He ducks out of the closet, searching along the wall with light. It hits Captain Campbell's poster, her features ee illuminated. He runs his light over the poster frame.
33) 0) text: Seiver’s forensic operation is installed within the caver space, arched girders soaring high overhead, the commotio his staff echoing. Sunhill and Brenner move past Captain Campbell's humvee, of bulletin boards, photos, maps, diagrams, computers, ph vast tables of bagged and tagged evidence. They enter the lab section. Seiver stands before three co urns, irritably trying to get half a cup filled.
47) 3) text: The log of Captain Campbell’s calendar -- columns of numb dates, hours and minutes.
57) 0) text: Brenner, eyes haunted, stares up at the target’s hollow f He turns from it, looks down to a chalk outline fading in dirt, all that remains of Captain Campbell. The pavillion gone, tattered strands of police tape strung forlornly ac the area. Beyond him, Sunhill approaches from the road. He looks up her as she stops across from him. She has been without sl looks drawn, but resolute.
57) 8) dialog: This is your loving daughter, daddy. I have the answer to your ultimatum. I’m at Range Six. Surrounded by a compliment of very dashing soldiers. Don’t keep me. Her tone sugar-coated, chilling. Brenner snaps it off.
62) 15) dialog: staring up, eyes widening in terror. Flooding with tears. shadow blocking them.
62) 17) dialog: Father... Her voice lost in a clap of thunder.