0) 105) dialog: MRS. FOLEY: I ought to change the sheets, : and today's my day to vacuum.
0) 143) text: - THE LOST WEEKEND 10-30-44 As16 (Gont'a) MRS. DEVERIDGE: (Rontidentially, to her companion That's’ that nice young man that & arinks. — The other lady tsk-tsks.’.They both look after Don, Don is about ‘ten fect beyond them. Perhaps he has over- heard the remark... In any case, he 1s looking back. His look meets theirs. - Embarrassed, they turn. Mrs. Deveridge jerks on the leash. MRS. DEVERIDGE: Come on, Sophie. Let's go. fhey walk down the street in the opposite direction from On. .
6) 4) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Bak (Cont'd) . MRS. WERTHEIM, a gray-haired, stocky woman,.is sorting laundry. The shop's bell rings as Don comes in. His nerve are on edge but he manages to work up a little nonchalanc DON: _ Guten Tag, Mrs. Wertheim. How's business? MRS. Business he is good, thank you.- There WERTHEIM: isn't a fortune-in it,.but you- know: small fish, good fish. And I keep young end healthy. Why. shouldn't I, sitting in a Turkish bath all day for ree? She has picked a package from.the shelf, puts it on the sounter. MRS... WERTHEIM ; Three dollars and ninety. DON: I wonder if you could do me a favor; gneedige Fran? MRS. WERTHEIM: Always glad, Mr. Birnam. DON: My brother's gone away for the week- end and he took the checkbook along...
6) 5) dialog: WERTHEIM ¢ Oh, you want a blank check? DON:, Itts not that, It's just that I'm a ° Little short; MRS. ' (Sizing up his stature) WERTHEIM: - What do you mean, _youtre~ shore? DON: I wonder: if you: could let me have a Ot little cash, bitte schoen? MRS. WERTHEIM: | A little cash? DON: ’ I thought about twenty dollars, maybe. - Only. till Monday, when my brothsr comes’ ” back. . . MRS. You thought ....No, Mr. Birnam. -I can- WERTHEIM: not. Not that I don't want to, because I want to, but I cannot. And when I say not, I mean absolutely not. Her eyes fall on his tortured face. .. It's too mugs: for ‘She rings open the cash register. MRS. WERTHEIM :. I'll let. you have five Collars.
6) 11) text: DON $ That's all right. She hands him the five dollars. ; DON: Danke schoen, Mrs. Wertheim. He turns and leaves, doesn't even hear? MRS. Your laundry, Mr. Birnam! How about WERTHEIM: your laumdry? : She looks after him but there's only the ringing of the shop bell as he leaves.
8) 0) text: It is filled with the routine activity of a big commercia hotel on a hot summer day, Don Birnam, in a light summer suit, paces up and down the lobby. Under his arm is a florist!s box. He keeps eyeing the doors to the elevators, He walks. toward one of those circular plush settees common to hotels, sits down, puts flower box next to him and adjusts: the kmot of his tie, eye still on the elevator doors. On the other side of the settee are a middle-aged couple. Don can't see them, they cantt see him, as he overhears t conversation, and it tekes him a little time to realize t they are Helen's parents, MR. ST, JAMES is wearing a linen sult and a good but yell ing panama hat, the brim turned up. MRS. ST. JAMES is a cheerful little woman with glasses pinned to her dress, t kind that pull. “Mr. St. James is fuming a little, MR. ST. JAMES: Just walked in for a simple haircut. No, that wasn't enough, not for New York. They gave me a shampoo, a scalp massage, a manicure. Thought they'd - tear my shoes off and paint my toenails, Mrs. St. James laughs comfortably. MRS. ST. JAMES: I had-a lovely morning. Just did a little window shopping, I didn't want ' to get all tired out. oO MR. ST. JAMES: On account of meeting that young man? _ Now, Mother. : MRS. ST. JAMES ¢: :Who did you. get a haireut for? 11-7644 - (Continued)
8) 9) dialog: 
9) 24) text: THE LOST WEEKEND” Be26 (Cont'd) (52) DON: : Youtre right, you're right. . ’ | There's. nothing I can” says There is a long second of silence, Wick looking at Dons . DON: Go ahead. Bawl me out, Wick, let me, have it, Why don't you take that bottle and smash it over my face. There is another pause. Wick speaks very quietly. WICK: It's a quarter of eight. I suppose they're : still in that hotel, waiting for you, | DON: Call her up, Wick, will you? Tell | her something. Tell her I'm sick. | Tell her Itm dead, . Wick has bent over Don and loosened his tie. . DON: Will you call her? WICK: Yes, I'll call her. . ' DON: She must have written them a lot of nice things about me. What a gentle« man Iam. A princes WICK: Which hotel is it? DON: The Manhattan, Mr. and Mrs, Charles St. James from Toledo, Ohio. Paying no attention to the sound of steps which has beeri coming from the staircase; Wick rises, puts the glass of whiskey on the table and is about to cross towards the te phone when the doorbell rings -- short, short, long; shor Wick freezes. Don sits up on the couch. They know that ri There is a helpless look in Don's eyes; WICK? (Whispering) Get up, Don. Don, clinging to Wickts arm, pulls himself up.. Wick push him through the doorway to the dark bedroom, closing the after him. The bell rings-again, that same ring: WICK: Just. a minute, Helen; He snaps on the lights in the living room, rolls the empt bottle under the couch; takes the glass of whiskey, puts behind the pile of records. As he is starting. towards th door, the bottle rolls from under the couch: Wick stops a rolls it back again, then goes inte the hall and opens th door.. Helen, in a great hurry, stands outside, nervousi
11) 116) text: They start downstairs, Mrs. Deveridge talking as they : descend, . . MRS. DEVERIDGE: I could have kicked him out fifty, times, . . The last when two taxi drivers dumped him | ‘ into the entrance hall, out cold on the floor, with all my tenants going in and out, and children leaving for schoole HELEN: Oh please, please} MRS. DEVERIDGE: Well, I didn't put him out, not as long as his brother could pay the rent. You couldn't help. liking him anyway. He was 80 good-looking, he had such nice manners, He always. had a little jokes. HELEN: Stop talking about him as if he were dead. MRS, DEVERIDGE: Did I? I didn't mean to. Hope it wasntt bad luck,
12) 0) text: Don, holding the bottle under his blue coat, slips quietl past Mrs. Wertheim's laundry and into the entranceway. He 12-6044 : (Continued) Lu
12) 14) text: THE LOST WEEKEND Del4 (Conttd) (90) The bat has made another swoop and spread its wings over mouse.’ Beneath those black wings some hideous pygmy stru is going on. Apparently the bat has seized the mouse in i claws. Don gives a ery of horror, Now from behind the struggling wings comés a spurt of blo Don cries out so hard his throat seems to burst apart, bu his horrified eyes in the back of his chairs From downstairs comes the barking of Mrs. Deveridge's dog