2) 2) text: their children, ROBERT, 32, tall and muscular, BEN JR “JUNYAH”, 26, HENRY 18, and RACHEL, 20, heavily pregnant with a toddler in hand. All singing with mournful passion
8) 0) text: A few gravestones on a shady patch of lawn. Minty, Rit and Rachel stand with the women, children and elderly Brodess slaves at a fresh gravesite on the proper as the Ross brothers and male slaves lower Brodess’s plai coffin into the earth. A WHITE MINISTER mumbles gloomy wo to the neighboring farmers and family friends in attendan Eliza is with her children, face swollen from crying, cho with grief. Rit and Rachel keep their eyes downcast, thoughts hidden. Minty prays in earnest, tears streaming. She looks up... Gideon is glaring at her, wounded accusation in his eyes.
34) 0) text: Thomas Garrett sits at the head of a long table, laden wi food. His wife, RACHEL GARRETT, looks up as she sees Mint She’s very plain, with a kind smile. (CONTINUED )
34) 2) dialog: I couldn't mend your dress I’m afraid. T’was too far gone. What you’re wearing was our Amy’s favorite. She’s with the Lord, and has no use for it. But she would approve. I found something in the pocket of your dress which I put by your bed. It looked important.
35) 0) text: Minty sits at the table with Rachel and Garrett. Garrett holding forth, while Rachel watches him, indulgently.
67) 7) dialog: Yessum. (CONTINUED )
67) 11) dialog: I don’ know nothin’, I swear! I don’ even know what you sayin’! Who run off? He tightens his grip.
67) 13) dialog: (choking) I... don’... know nothin’. I swear... Gideon releases her. She slides down the wall. He turns towards Anger and the baby...
67) 16) dialog: T’was Minty! Something like hope lights in Gideon’s eyes. Almost tenderly, he takes the squirming baby from Anger’s arms, turning to Rachel.
67) 18) dialog: She alive. She come back.
67) 20) dialog: I hear tell. (CONTINUED )
107) 0) text: We can see Rachel and Eliza moving about inside. Harriet hides in the bushes and watches as Rachel comes downstairs with a tray. She looks beaten and frail. Harriet takes in her sister’s fragile appearance with pai She throws a pebble at the kitchen window. (CONTINUED )
107) 1) text: Rachel looks out. Harriet steps from the shadows. Rachel’ eyes go wide. She backs away.... A few moments later, Rachel quietly opens the front door slips out. Harriet pulls her to the side of the house. They speak in whispers. Rachel is terrified.
107) 2) dialog: Minty, why you here? Harriet touches her sister’s face, angry tears welling.
107) 4) dialog: Minty... Massa Gideon an Miz Eliza been full a the devil since you an de boys run off. Dey took my babies; won’t tell me where dey be. Dey know I won’t go nowhere t’out my chil’ren.
107) 6) dialog: I cain’t. I won't. From inside, we hear Eliza’s voice.
107) 9) dialog: I ain’t leavin’ my babies. You try an force me, I’ll scream.
107) 13) dialog: She found another man, Minty. He a slave at Luther Grant’s farm. She stay wit him nights. Minty is shaken by this. Rachel looks at her with wounded scorn.
107) 14) dialog: Don’t you judge her, Minty. Don’t you dare judge us! We do what we have to do, to stay sane. Cain’t everybody run. Rachel turns and slips back into the house. Harriet stands there a moment, devastated, then she ducks into the shadows.